 00) on the registration of every probate, letters of administration, certificate of death or marriage, power of attorney, notice in lieu of distringas, or other instrument. TRANSMISSION OF SHARES __clusterTitleType__17 
 If you do not indicate the number of Units to be subscribed for on your Subscription Certificate, or if you indicate a number of Units that does not correspond with the aggregate Subscription Price payment you delivered, you will be deemed to have subscribed for the maximum number of Units that may be subscribed for, under both the Basic Subscription Right and the Over-Subscription Right, for the aggregate Subscription Price you delivered. If the Company does not apply your full Subscription Price 2 payment to your purchase of Units, then the Company will return the excess amount to you by mail, without interest or deduction, as soon as practicable after the Expiration Date. If you subscribe for fewer than all of the Units represented by your Subscription Certificate, then the unexercised Subscription Rights will become null and void on the Expiration Date. __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Agreement shall be binding upon the heirs, executors, administrators, and successors of the parties. In particular, the Optionees heirs, executors, administrators, and successors shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement, and the Company may require any such person to execute an agreement or other documents acknowledging and agreeing to such terms and conditions as a condition precedent to any transfer of the Option or any Common Shares purchased upon exercise of the Option into the name of any such person. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the Option and the Option Shares, and supersedes any prior agreements or documents with respect thereto, and in the event of a conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and the provisions of the Plan or any other agreement between the Company and any of its affiliates, on the one hand, and the Optionee, on the other hand, the provisions of the Plan shall govern. This Agreement may be amended, but no amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuation, or termination of this Agreement which may impose any additional obligation upon the Company or impair the rights of the Optionee with respect to the Option shall be valid unless in each instance such amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuation, or termination is expressed in a written instrument duly executed in the name and on behalf of the Company and by the Optionee. Municipal Mortgage & Equity, LLC By: /s/ Michael L. Falcone Michael L. Falcone President and CEO /s/ Gary A. Mentesana Gary A. Mentesana __clusterTitleType__12 
 5.1Indemnification. Sionix will enter into a customary form of Officer Indemnification Agreement with Executive. 5.2Insurance. Sionix will use commercially reasonable efforts to procure and maintain prudent level of Officer Liability Insurance coverage for Executive. __clusterTitleType__25 
 The Company covenants that, if at any time before the end of the Effectiveness Period the Company is not subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, it will cooperate with any Holder of Registrable Securities and take such further reasonable action as any Holder of Registrable Securities may request in writing (including, without limitation, making such reasonable representations as any such Holder may request), all to the extent required from time to time to enable such Holder to sell Registrable Securities without registration under and in 9 compliance with the Securities Act and customarily taken in connection with sales pursuant to such exemptions. Upon the written request of any Holder of Registrable Securities, the Company shall deliver to such Holder a written statement as to whether it has complied with the filing requirements of Rule 144. __clusterTitleType__17 
  This Stock Unit Award is subject to the terms of the Plan and the Stock Plan, the terms and provisions of which are hereby incorporated by reference. In the event of a conflict or ambiguity between any term or provision contained herein and a term or provision of the Plan or the Stock Plan, the Plan or the Stock Plan (as applicable) will govern and prevail. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Following any such termination, (a) this Agreement shall forthwith become void, and there shall be no liability or obligation on the part of either party hereto and (b) the Engagement Letter shall continue in full force and effect in accordance with its terms (without taking into account any of the provisions of this Agreement). __clusterTitleType__5 
 Capitalized terms used in this Amendment shall have the meanings given to them in the Contract, except as expressly otherwise amended or defined herein. __clusterTitleType__17 
 __clusterTitleType__17 
 (a)Companys Successors. Any successor to the Company (whether direct or indirect and whether by purchase, lease, merger, consolidation, liquidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the Companys business and/or assets shall assume the Companys obligations under this Agreement and agree expressly to perform the Companys obligations under this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent as the Company would be required to perform such obligations in the absence of a succession, unless otherwise agreed upon in writing by the Employee and such successor. For all purposes under this Agreement, the term Company shall include any successor to the Companys business and/or assets. (b)Employees Successors. Without the written consent of the Company, Employee shall not assign or transfer this Agreement or any right or obligation under this Agreement to any other person or entity. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the terms of this Agreement and all rights of Employee hereunder shall inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, Employees personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees. __clusterTitleType__20 
 Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated under this Agreement to make any indemnity in connection with any claim made against Indemnitee: (a) for which payment has actually been made to or on behalf of Indemnitee under any insurance policy or other indemnity provision, except with respect to any excess beyond the amount paid under any insurance policy or other indemnity provision; provided, that the foregoing shall not affect the rights of Indemnitee or the Fund Indemnitors set forth in Section 8(c) above; or (b) for an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of securities of the Company within the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act or similar provisions of state statutory law or common law; or (c) for reimbursement to the Company of any bonus or other incentive-based or equity-based compensation or of any profits realized by Indemnitee from the sale of securities of the Company in each case as required under the Exchange Act; or (d) in connection with any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee, including any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee against the Company or its directors, officers, employees or other indemnitees, unless (i) the Company has joined in or the Board of Directors of the Company authorized the Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) prior to its initiation, (ii) the Company provides the indemnification, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Company under applicable law, or (iii) the Proceeding is one to enforce Indemnitees rights under this Agreement __clusterTitleType__17 
 (a) Subject to Section 3(b) and Section 4(c) hereof and the other provisions hereof, the Option shall be exercisable commencing upon the date hereof as follows: Number of Shares Date first exercisable December 11, 2010 December 11, 2011 December 11, 2012 (b) Subject to Section 4(c) hereof, any portion of the Option that shall not yet be exercisable under the terms of Section 3(a) shall immediately and without action by any party become exercisable upon the earlier to occur of the following: (i) a Change of Control (as hereafter defined); (ii) the death of Optionee; (iii) a declaration of permanent and total disability of the Optionee (as defined in Section 22(e) of the Internal Revenue Code) (hereafter, permanent and total disability) together with a declaration of Optionees eligibility for Social Security disability benefits; and (iv) any other cessation or termination of the Optionees services to the Company as a non-employee Director, other than in connection with the foregoing provisions of this Section 3(b) and other than as a result of a removal for cause; provided, however, that only such portion(s) of the Option that was (were) granted more than one year prior to such cessation or termination shall become exercisable upon such cessation or termination. 1 (c) For purposes of this Agreement, (i) the term Change in Control shall have the same definition as set forth in any Key Employee Severance Agreement from time to time in effect between the Company and any key employee of the Company; and (ii) the cessation of Optionees services to the Company as a result of (A) retirement pursuant either to (X) a pension or retirement plan adopted by the Company or (Y) at or after the normal retirement date prescribed from time to time by the Company or (B) the decision by the Company not to re-nominate the Optionee for election to the Board of Directors regardless of the reason therefore shall not be deemed to be a removal for cause. __clusterTitleType__1 
  If the Company declares or pays a dividend upon the Common Stock payable otherwise than in cash out of earnings or earned surplus (determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied) except for a stock dividend payable in shares of Common Stock (a Liquidating Dividend), then the Company shall pay to the Holder at the time of payment thereof the Liquidating Dividend which would have been paid to such holder on the Common Stock had this Warrant been fully exercised immediately prior to the date on which a record is taken for such Liquidating Dividend, or, if no record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of Common Stock entitled to such dividends are to be determined. 3 __clusterTitleType__17 
  4.1Party B and Party C shall not transfer their rights and obligations under this Agreement to any third party without the prior written consent of the Party A.  4.2Party B and Party C hereby agrees that Party A shall be able to transfer all of its rights and obligation under this Agreement to any third party with its needs, and such transfer shall only be subject to a written notice sent to Party B, Party C by Party A, and no any further consent from Party B and Party C will be required.  __clusterTitleType__22 
  Any dividends paid in cash on Shares of Disney will be credited to the Participant with respect to the Target Award Amount of Stock Units as additional Stock Units as if the Stock Units previously held by the Participant were outstanding Shares, as follows: such credit shall be made in whole 7 and/or fractional Stock Units on the Target Award Amount as in effect at the time of such crediting and shall be based on the fair market value (as defined in the Stock Plan) of the Shares on the date of payment of such dividend. All such additional Stock Units shall be subject to the same vesting requirements applicable to the Target Award Amount of Stock Units in respect of which they were credited and shall be payable in accordance with Section 5 hereof. __clusterTitleType__17 
 All premiums relating to the insurance policies shall be for the account of Minatura. Upon first request, Minatura shall promptly reimburse to SSD all premiums SSD shall be required to pay under the said insurance policies for the full duration of the Agreement. On request of Minatura SSD will provide Minatura with copy of the policy and the premium notes for the necessary insurance. If Minatura fails to cooperate with the timely return of the equipment after the lapse of the Agreement, Minatura shall forfeit a penalty of  5,000. and  1,000. for each day this violation continues, all the foregoing without prejudice to all other remedies of SSD, including the right to claim full damages, should these exceed the penalties. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, this Agreement and the rights, interests and obligations hereunder are not transferable or assignable by any Purchaser. This Agreement and the rights, interests and obligations hereunder are not transferable or assignable by the Company. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Series A Preferred Stock may not be redeemed by the Company without the consent of the Preferred Shareholders. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Whenever the context of this Agreement requires, the masculine gender includes the feminine or neuter gender, and the singular number includes the plural. __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Agreement constitutes the final understanding and agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior negotiations, understandings and agreements between the parties, whether written or oral. This Agreement may be amended, supplemented or changed only by an agreement in writing signed by both of the parties. __clusterTitleType__17 
 __clusterTitleType__17 
  Any and all controversies related to this Agreement, whether based in tort or contract or statutory or common law, shall be exclusively settled by arbitration in accordance with the Federal Arbitration Act, except when either party seeks injunctive relief, specific performance or other equitable relief pursuant to Section 15.05 (Injunctive Relief). All fees and expenses of the arbitration shall be borne by the parties equally. However, each party shall bear the expense of its own counsel, experts, witnesses and preparation and presentation of proofs. The arbitration hearing shall be held in a neutral location mutually agreed to by the parties. The arbitrator shall be mutually agreed upon by the parties and selected from a panel of persons having experience with and knowledge of pharmaceutical discount card industry issues, unless such qualification is waived in writing by both parties. The arbitrator has the discretion to award legal fees to either party. The award of the arbitrator shall be final and binding on the parties, and judgment upon such award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. This Article shall survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason whatsoever. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Each Shareholder hereby revokes (or agrees to cause to be revoked) any proxies that such Shareholder has heretofore granted with respect to such Shareholders Subject Shares. Each Shareholder hereby irrevocably appoints Parent, and any individual designated in writing by Parent, and each of them individually, as attorney-in-fact and proxy for and on behalf of such Shareholder, for and in the name, place and stead of such Shareholder, to: (a) attend any and all Company Shareholders Meetings, (b) vote, express consent or dissent or issue instructions to the record holder to vote such Shareholders Subject Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 1.1 at any and all Company Shareholders Meetings or in connection with any action sought to be taken by written consent of the shareholders of the Company without a meeting and (c) grant or withhold, or issue instructions to the record holder to grant or withhold, consistent with the provisions of Section 1.1, all written consents with respect to the Subject Shares at any and all Company Shareholders Meetings or in connection with any action sought to be taken by written consent without a meeting. Parent (or its designee) agrees not to exercise the proxy granted herein for any purpose other than the purposes described in this Agreement. The foregoing proxy shall be deemed to be a proxy coupled with an interest, is irrevocable (and as such shall survive and not be affected by the death, incapacity, mental illness or insanity of such Shareholder, as applicable) until the termination of the Merger Agreement and shall not be terminated by operation of Law or upon the occurrence of any other event other than the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 4.2. Each Shareholder authorizes such attorney and proxy to substitute any other Person to act hereunder, to revoke any substitution and to file this proxy and any substitution or revocation with the secretary of the Company. Each Shareholder hereby affirms that the proxy set forth in this Section 1.4 is given in connection with and granted in consideration of and as an inducement to Parent and Merger Sub to enter into the Merger Agreement and that such proxy is given to secure the obligations of the Shareholder under Section 1.1. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Subject to Section 9 and 11 of this Warrant, the Holder shall not be entitled to vote or receive dividends or be deemed the holder of Preferred Stock or any other securities of the Company that may at any time be issuable on the exercise hereof for any purpose, nor shall anything contained herein be construed to confer upon the Holder, as such, any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company or any right to vote for the election of directors or upon any matter submitted to stockholders at any meeting thereof, or to give or withhold consent to any corporate action (whether upon any recapitalization, issuance of stock, reclassification of stock, change of par value, or change of stock to no par value, consolidation, merger, conveyance, or otherwise) or to receive notice of meetings, or to receive dividends or subscription rights or otherwise until the Warrant shall have been exercised as provided herein. __clusterTitleType__17 
  The powers conferred on Secured Party hereunder are solely to protect its interest in the Collateral and shall not impose any duty upon it to exercise any such powers. Except for the exercise of reasonable care in the custody of any Collateral in its possession and the accounting for moneys actually received by it hereunder, Secured Party shall have no duty as to any Collateral or as to the taking of any necessary steps to preserve rights against prior parties or any other rights pertaining to any Collateral. Secured Party shall be deemed to have exercised reasonable care in the custody and preservation of Collateral in its possession if such Collateral is accorded treatment substantially equal to that which Secured Party accords its own property. __clusterTitleType__17 
 . All annual meetings of stockholders and all other meetings of stockholders shall be held at any place or places within or without the State of Nevada which may be designated either by the Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President or the Board of Directors. __clusterTitleType__17 
 . All payments provided in this Agreement shall be timely paid in cash or check from the general funds of the Bank. The Company may accede to this Agreement but only for the purposed of guaranteeing payment and provision of all amounts and benefits due hereunder to Executive. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The respective indemnities, rights of contribution, representations, warranties and agreements of the Issuer, VMS, PHH and the Initial Purchasers contained in this Agreement or made by or on behalf of the Issuer, Holdings, VMS, PHH or the Initial Purchasers pursuant to this Agreement or any certificate delivered pursuant hereto shall survive the delivery of and payment for the Securities and shall remain in full force and effect, regardless of any 24 termination or cancellation of this Agreement or any investigation made by or on behalf of any of them or any of their respective affiliates, officers, directors, employees, representatives, agents or controlling persons. __clusterTitleType__17 
 9.1 The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date. 9.2 Either Party may, upon written notice, terminate this Contract for material breach of the Contract by the other Party if such material breach remains uncured for more than 90 days after the breaching Partys receipt of notice thereof from the non-breaching Party. 9.3 If Customer is overdue with the related payments for more than 3 months Contractor has the right to terminate this contract with immediate effect. __clusterTitleType__18 
  __clusterTitleType__17 
  The Company will at all times reserve and keep available, free from preemptive rights, out of the aggregate of its authorized but unissued Ordinary Shares or its authorized and issued Ordinary Shares held in its treasury, for the purpose of enabling it to satisfy any obligation to issue Warrant Shares upon exercise of Warrants, the maximum number of Ordinary Shares which may then be deliverable upon the exercise of all outstanding Warrants. The Warrant Agent shall have no duty to verify availability of such shares set aside by the Company. The Company or, if appointed, the registrar for the Ordinary Shares (the Registrar) and every subsequent Registrar for any Ordinary Shares issuable upon the exercise of any of the Warrants will be irrevocably authorized and directed at all times to reserve such number of authorized shares as shall be required for such purpose. The Company will keep a copy of this Agreement on file with the Registrar and with every subsequent Registrar for any Ordinary Shares issuable upon the exercise of the Warrants. The Warrant Agent is hereby irrevocably authorized to instruct from time to time from the Registrar to issue the Ordinary Share certificates required to honor outstanding Warrants upon exercise thereof in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. The Company will supply such Registrar with duly executed certificates for such purposes. The Company will furnish such Registrar a copy of all notices of adjustments and certificates related thereto, transmitted to each holder pursuant to Section 13 hereof. Before taking any action which would cause an adjustment pursuant to Section 11 hereof to reduce the Exercise Price below the then par value (if any) of the Warrant Shares, the Company will take any commercially reasonable corporate action which may, in the opinion of its counsel (which may be counsel employed by the Company), be necessary in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares at the Exercise Price as so adjusted. The Company covenants that all Ordinary Shares which may be issued upon exercise of Warrants will, upon payment of the Exercise Price therefor and issue, be fully paid, nonassessable, free of preemptive rights and free from all taxes, liens, charges and security interests with respect to the issue thereof. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The purchase right represented by this Warrant shall terminate on : (i) 5:00 p. or (ii) An extended time period can be granted upon the negotiation with the Company __clusterTitleType__17 
 All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof, except to the extent that the application of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware is mandatorily applicable. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of this Agreement), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or Proceeding is improper or inconvenient venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. The parties hereby waive to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, all rights to a trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. If either party shall commence an action or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Agreement, then the prevailing party in such action or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or Proceeding. __clusterTitleType__17 
 There is entered against the Company or any Subsidiary (i) one or more final judgments or orders for the payment of money in an aggregate amount (as to all such judgments or orders) in excess of $50,000,000 (to the extent not covered by (x) independent third-party insurance or (y) PCIC maintained in accordance with Section 6.07, in the case of each of clauses (x)and (y)as to which the insurer does not dispute coverage), or (ii) any one or more non-monetary final judgments that have, or could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect and, in either case, (A) enforcement proceedings are commenced by any creditor upon such judgment or order, or (B) there is a period of 30 consecutive days during which a stay of enforcement of such judgment, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise, is not in effect; or __clusterTitleType__17 
 Holder is an "accredited investor" as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act. Holder is aware of the Company's business affairs and financial condition and has had access to and has acquired sufficient information about the Company to reach an informed and knowledgeable decision to acquire the Repriced Warrants. Holder has such business and financial experience as is - 4 - required to give it the capacity to protect its own interests in connection with the acquisition of the Repriced Warrants. __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Plan shall remain in effect until [] [ten years from the Distribution] unless sooner terminated by the Committee or the Board of Directors. Awards theretofore granted may extend beyond that date in accordance with the provisions of the Plan. __clusterTitleType__21 
 If the Company at any time on or after the Issuance Date subdivides (by any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization or otherwise) one or more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a greater number of shares, the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such subdivision will be proportionately reduced. If the Company at any time on or after the Issuance Date combines (by combination, reverse stock split or otherwise) one or more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such combination will be proportionately increased. __clusterTitleType__17 
  Use of the masculine pronoun shall be deemed to include usage of the feminine pronoun where appropriate. The headings of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof. * ** ** -16- IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be signed as of the day and year first above written. NALCO HOLDING COMPANY DIRECTOR By: /s/ Stephen N. Landsman /s/ Douglas A. Pertz Name: Stephen N. Landsman Name: Douglas A. Pertz Office: Vice President NALCO FINANCE HOLDINGS LLC By: /s/ Stephen N. Landsman Name: Stephen N. Landsman Office: Vice President NALCO FINANCE HOLDINGS, INC By: /s/ Stephen N. Landsman Name: Stephen N. Landsman Office: Vice President NALCO HOLDINGS LLC By: /s/ Stephen N. Landsman Name: Stephen N. Landsman Office: Vice President NALCO COMPANY By: /s/ Stephen N. Landsman Name: Stephen N. Landsman Office: Vice President __clusterTitleType__12 
  This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. Only one such counterpart signed by the party against whom enforceability is sought needs to be produced to evidence the existence of this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__10 
 7.1Holidays. The Executive shall be entitled to fifteen (15) paid holidays annually. The Company will notify the Executive as much in advance as practical with respect to the holiday schedule to be observed by the Company. 7.2Vacations.During the term of the Agreement, the Executive shall be entitled to four (4) weeks of paid vacation annually. The Executive agrees not to utilize vacation and/or compensatory time at a time when to do so could adversely affect the Company's business. 7.3Personal Insurance Benefits. The Executive shall be entitled to participate in all medical, dental and hospitalization, group life insurance, and any and all other such plans as are presently and hereafter provided by the Company to its executives. __clusterTitleType__17 
 ; TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT . 1.1Effectiveness of Agreement.  This Agreement shall become effective upon the Execution Date; provided, however, that if, subsequent to Executives execution of this Agreement, he revokes the General Release (as defined in Section 3.1 below), Executive and the Company shall cease to have any obligations under this Agreement and this Agreement shall be immediately null and void and of no further force and effect. In the event of such cessation, the terms of the Employment Agreement, Option Agreements and MSA shall continue as in effect prior to the date of this Agreement without any modification reflected in this Agreement. 1.2Termination of Employment.  Effective as of the Termination Date, Executive agrees that he will no longer be employed by or serve in any position with the Company and will be deemed to have resigned from all such positions. The parties acknowledge that on the Termination Date, Executive shall incur a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code). __clusterTitleType__17 
 14.1 All claims by the Executive for benefits under this Agreement shall be directed to and determined by the Board and shall be in writing. Any denial by the Board of a claim for benefits under this Agreement shall be delivered to the Executive in writing and shall set forth the specific reasons for the denial and the specific provisions of this Agreement relied upon. The Board shall afford a reasonable opportunity to the Executive for a review of the decision denying a claim and shall further allow the Executive to appeal to the Board a decision of the Board within sixty (60) days after notification by the Board that the Executive's claim has been denied. 14.2 Any further dispute or controversy arising under or in connection with this Agreement shall be settled exclusively by arbitration in the Albany, New York metropolitan area in accordance with the employment dispute resolution rules of the American Arbitration Association then in effect. The arbitrator shall have the authority to require that the Company reimburse the Executive for the payment of all or any portion of the legal fees and expenses incurred by the Executive in connection with such dispute or controversy. Judgment may be entered on the arbitrator's award in any court having jurisdiction. 14.3 The Company agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to administer this Agreement, and operate any deferred compensation plans in which the Executive participates from time to time that are aggregated with this Agreement or with any payment or benefit provided by this Agreement for purposes of Section 409A of the Code (e.g., account balance plans, nonaccount balance plans, separation pay plans, and plans that are neither account balance nor nonaccount balance plans), in good faith compliance with Code Section 409A to the extent necessary to avoid inclusion of any amounts of benefits payable hereunder in the Executives income pursuant to Section 409A(a)(1)(A) of the Code. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Upon the payment of all amounts due to the Pledgee under the Units and Debentures by repayment in accordance with the terms of the Units and Debentures, the parties hereto shall notify the Escrow Agent to such effect in writing. Upon receipt of such written notice for payment of the amounts due to the Pledgee under the Units and Debentures, the Escrow Agent shall return to the Pledgor the Transfer Documents and the certificates representing the Pledged Shares, (collectively the Pledged Materials), whereupon any and all rights of Pledgee in the Pledged Materials shall be terminated. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, upon full payment of all amounts due to the Pledgee under the Units and Debentures, by repayment in accordance with the terms of the Units and Debentures, this Agreement and Pledgees security interest and rights in and to the Pledged Shares shall terminate. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The parties hereto agree that this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California. If any term of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, then this Agreement, including all of the remaining terms, will remain in full force and effect as if such invalid or unenforceable term had never been included. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been executed by the parties as of the date first above written. The Company The Consultant Miktam Technologies, Inc. Psalm Technologies, Inc. 2362B Qume Drive 2 1F.-1, No.171, Songde Rd., Sinyi Dist. San Jose, CA 95131 Taipei City 110, Taiwan, R.O.C. By: /s/ Thomas Chao By: /s/ Jui-Tien Tsai Thomas Chao Jui-Tien Tsai President President Date: 10/06/2008 Date: 10/07/2008 3 __clusterTitleType__17 
 __clusterTitleType__17 
 Upon exercise of the Rights, you will receive from the Company an amount in cash, equal to the result of multiplying (i) the excess of the Fair Market Value (as defined in the Plan) of one share of the underlying Class A Common Stock on the date the Rights are exercised over the per share exercise price, by (ii) the number of shares of Class A Common Stock with respect to which the Rights are exercised. __clusterTitleType__13 
 After this contract takes effect, Party A shall make payment to the account designated by Party B through T/T before the 15th day of the month of payment according to the following schedule. Advance payment schedule Advance Payment Items Advance Payment for 2008 Advance Payment for the 1st quarter of 2009 Advance Payment for the 2nd quarter of 2009 Advance Payment for the 3rd quarter of 2009 Advance Payment for the 4th quarter of 2009 Advance Payment for the 1st quarter of 2010 Advance Payment for the 2nd quarter of 2010 Advance Payment for the 3rd quarter of 2010 Advance Payment for the 4th quarter of 2010 Time of Payment June 2008 Dec. 2008 March 2009 June 2009 Sep. 2009 Dec. 2009 March 2010 June 2010 Sep. 2010 Amount of Payment (ten-thousand RMB) 14,500 12,000 12,000 12,000 12,000 9,000 9,000 9,000 9,000 __clusterTitleType__17 
 To the extent requested by Indemnitee and approved by the Board of Directors of the Company, the Company may at any time and from time to time provide security to Indemnitee for the Companys obligations hereunder through an irrevocable bank line of credit, funded trust or other collateral. Any such security, once provided to Indemnitee, may not be revoked or released without the prior written consent of Indemnitee. __clusterTitleType__17 
 For purposes of this Warrant, the term Change in Control shall mean a consolidation or merger of the Company with or into another company or entity in which the Company is not the surviving entity or the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company to another company or entity not controlled by the then existing stockholders of the Company in a transaction or series of transactions __clusterTitleType__17 
 Except as described herein: (a)except in the normal course of business, there has not been (i) any material adverse change in the business, operations, properties, assets, or condition of R Squared; or (ii) any damage, destruction, or loss to R Squared (whether or not covered by insurance) materially and adversely affecting the business, operations, properties, assets, or condition of R Squared; 3 (b)R Squared has not (i) borrowed or agreed to borrow any funds or incurred, or become subject to, any material obligation or liability (absolute or contingent) not otherwise in the ordinary course of business; (ii) paid any material obligation or liability not otherwise in the ordinary course of business (absolute or contingent) other than current liabilities reflected in or shown on the most recent R Squared consolidated balance sheet, and current liabilities incurred since that date in the ordinary course of business; (iii) sold or transferred, or agreed to sell or transfer, any of its assets, properties, or rights not otherwise in the ordinary course of business; (iv) made or permitted any amendment or termination of any contract, agreement, or license to which they are a party not otherwise in the ordinary course of business if such amendment or termination is material, considering the business of R Squared; or (v) issued, delivered, or agreed to issue or deliver to any third party any stock, bonds or other corporate securities including debentures (whether authorized and unissued or held as treasury stock); (c)neither the execution and the delivery of this Agreement, nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, will conflict with, result in a breach of, constitute a default under, result in the acceleration of, create in any party the right to accelerate, terminate, modify, or cancel, or require any notice under any agreement, contract, lease, license, instrument, or other arrangement to which R Squared is a party or by which it is bound or to which any of its assets is subject; and (d)no litigation, proceeding, investigation, or inquiry is pending or, to the best knowledge of R Squared threatened, which might result in an action to enjoin or prevent the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
  Upon the Effective Date, the Euro Credit Agreement shall be amended as follows: The definition of Americas Consolidated EBITDA set forth in Section 1.01 of the Euro Credit Agreement shall be amended by adding at the end of clause (b) thereof the phrase , provided that, in measuring Americas Consolidated EBITDA under Section 7.14(a) for the Measurement Period ending January 31, 2010 (and, for the avoidance of doubt, not for purposes of measuring Americas Consolidated EBITDA with respect to any other Measurement Period), Americas Consolidated EBITDA shall be reduced by such cash payments only to the extent they exceed $3 million. __clusterTitleType__17 
 As soon as practicable following the Valuation Date for a Performance Period, but as of the Valuation Date for such Performance Period, the Committee will calculate the size of the Absolute Outperformance Pool and the Relative Outperformance Pool for such Performance Period, if any. If the performance of the Company has been such that each of the Absolute Outperformance Pool and the Relative Outperformance Pool for a Performance Period is zero, then the Award Recipients will not be entitled to be paid any amounts under this Program for such Performance Period and the Awards will be terminated as of the Valuation Date for such Performance Period. If the Absolute Outperformance Pool and/or the Relative Outperformance Pool for a Performance Period, as of the Valuation Date for such Performance Period, is greater than zero, then the Award Recipients will be entitled to the payments described in Section 2.3 below. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Investor acknowledges that he or she understands the meaning and legal consequences of the representations and warranties contained in Section 3 of this Agreement, and the Investoragrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Company and each officer, director, representative and agent of the Company and any person or entity controlling the Company from and against any and all loss, cost, damage or liability (including reasonable attorneys' fees) due to or arising out of a breach of any representation or warranty of the Investor contained in this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__25 
 Any dispute, controversy or claim arising under or in connection with this Agreement, or the breach hereof, shall be settled exclusively by arbitration in accordance with the rules then in effect of the American Arbitration Association under its Employment Mediation Rules. Judgment upon the award rendered by the Arbitrator(s) may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. Any arbitration held pursuant to this Section 8 shall take place in New York. Should either party hereto, or any heirs, personal representatives, successors or assigns of either patty hereto, resort to litigation or arbitration to enforce this Agreement, the party or parties prevailing in such litigation shall be entitled, in addition to such other relief as may be granted, to recover its or their reasonable attorney's fees and costs in such litigation or arbitration from the party or parties against whom enforcement was sought. 3 __clusterTitleType__17 
  Borrowers agree to pay to the Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Lenders in accordance with their respective Revolving Loan Percentages as of the date hereof, a forbearance fee in the aggregate amount of $250,000 (the Forbearance Fee). The Forbearance Fee shall be due and payable, fully earned and non-refundable as of the date of this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
 a Marketer shall obtain and maintain, at its own expense, insurance through an insurer acceptable to CITGO. Such insurance shall include: i. Workers Compensation Insurance covering Marketers employees; and Employers Liability Insurance with a minimum limit of FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS ($500,000) per occurrence ii.Commercial General Liability insurance, including contractual liability and products-completed operations liability, explosion, collapse and underground liability, as well as coverage on all contractors equipment (other than motor vehicles licensed for highway use) owned, hired, or used in performance of this Agreement having a minimum combined single limit of ONE MILLION DOLLARS ($1,000,000) each occurrence (or the equivalent) for bodily injury and property damage including personal injury.  iii.Automobile Liability Insurance, including contractual liability covering all motor vehicles owned, hired, or used in the performance of this Agreement, with a minimum combined single limit of ONE MILLION DOLLARS ($1,000,000) each occurrence (or the equivalent) for bodily injury and property damage.  b The foregoing are minimum insurance requirements only and may not adequately meet the entire insurance needs of Marketer. Marketer shall list CITGO as an additional insured on all insurance policies described in subsection (ii) and (iii) above and such insurance shall not be subject to other insurance clauses. Marketer shall furnish to CITGO upon request with certificates of insurance acceptable to CITGO, which provide that coverage will not be canceled or materially changed prior to thirty (30) working days advance written notice to CITGO. 9 c Marketer shall require its dealers, who are handling CITGO product, to maintain the insurance described herein. d All insurance requirements are a separate obligation and not subject to any other terms and conditions of the contract. __clusterTitleType__17 
 On the date hereof the full amount of the Deposit (i.e., $642,000) shall be released from escrow and remitted by Escrow Agent to Seller. By execution and delivery of this Amendment by Seller and Purchaser, Escrow Agent is hereby authorized and directed to so release the Deposit directly to Seller. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Any interest in patents, patent applications, inventions, technological innovations, copyrights, copyrightable works, developments, discoveries, designs, and processes ("Inventions") which Consultant hereafter during the period Consultant is retained by the Company under this Agreement or otherwise and for three (3) years thereafter may own, conceive of, or develop shall belong to the Company to the extent that the same: (1) relate at the time of conception or reduction to practice of the invention to the Company's business, or actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development of the Company; (2) result from any work performed by Consultant for the Company; or (3) have otherwise been developed by Consultant using the Company's equipment, supplies, facilities, or trade secret information. As soon as Consultant owns, conceives of, or develops any such Invention, Consultant agrees immediately to communicate such fact in writing to the Secretary of the Company, and without further compensation, but at the Company's expense, immediately upon request of the Company, Consultant shall execute all such assignments and other documents (including applications for patents, copyrights, trademarks, and assignments thereof) and perform any and all acts as the Company may reasonably request in order (a) to vest in the Company all Consultant's right, title, and interest in and to such Inventions, free and clear of liens, mortgages, security interests, pledges, charges, and encumbrances arising from the acts of Consultant and (b), if patentable or copyrightable, to obtain patents or copyrights (including extensions and renewals) therefore in any and all countries in such name as the Company shall determine. Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to Section 2872 of the California Labor Code, this Agreement shall not apply to any Invention which qualifies fully under the provisions of Section 2870 of the California Labor Code. Consultant acknowledges receipt of a copy of 2870 of the California Labor Code. 6 11.1Derivative Works All derivative works of the parties resulting from research or work funded by, or Confidential Information provided by, the Company associated with any subsequent research by any party, development, or combination of technologies of the parties after the Commencement Date, which are useful or specific to the XsunX Field of Use or the Business of XsunX, shall become the property of the Company. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The parties hereto are also parties to an Amended and Restated Property Management Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, as in effect from time to time (the "Property Management Agreement"). The parties agree that this Agreement does not include or otherwise address the rights and obligations of the parties under the Property Management Agreement and that the Property Management Agreement provides for its own separate rights and obligations of the parties thereto, including, without limitation separate compensation payable by the Company and the other Owners (as defined in the Property Management Agreement) to the Manager thereunder for services to be provided by the Manager pursuant to the Property Management Agreement. [Signature Page To Follow.] 17 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Business Management Agreement to be executed as an instrument under seal by their duly authorized officers, as of the day and year first above written. SENIOR HOUSING PROPERTIES TRUST By: /s/ David J. Hegarty Name: David J. Hegarty Title: President and Chief Operating Officer REIT MANAGEMENT & RESEARCH LLC By: /s/ David M. Lepore Name: David M. Lepore Title: Senior Vice President SOLELY AS TO SECTION 15 HEREOF: /s/ Barry M. Portnoy Barry M. Portnoy /s/ Gerard M. Martin Gerard M. Martin /s/ Adam D. Portnoy Adam D. Portnoy 18 __clusterTitleType__17 
 (a) The Manager shall provide to the Company an internal audit function meeting applicable requirements of the New York Stock Exchange and the Securities and Exchange Commission and otherwise in scope approved by the Audit Committee of the Board of Trustees of the Company. As additional compensation payable pursuant to Section 10 to the Manager for such additional services, the Company agrees to reimburse the Manager, within 30 days of the receipt of the invoice therefor, for a pro rata share (as agreed to by the Independent Trustees from time to time) of the following costs of the Manager: (i) employment expenses of the Manager's internal audit manager and other employees of the Manager actively engaged in providing internal audit services, including but not limited to salary, wages, payroll taxes and the cost of employee benefit plans; and (ii) the reasonable travel and other out-of-pocket expenses of the Manager relating to the activities of the Manager's internal audit manager and other of the Manager's employees actively engaged in providing internal audit services and the reasonable third party expenses which the Manager incurs in connection with its provision of internal audit services. 7 (b) If, and to the extent that, the Company shall request the Manager to render services on behalf of the Company other than those required to be rendered by the Manager in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, those additional services shall be compensated separately on terms to be agreed upon between the Manager and the Company from time to time. In addition, the Company may make awards to the employees of the Manager and others under the Company's Incentive Share Award Plan then in effect or any plan adopted by the Company from time to time in replacement thereof. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Borrower hereby irrevocably authorizes any attorney-at-law, including an attorney employed by or retained and paid by the Bank, to appear in any court of record in or of the State of Ohio, or in any other state or territory of the United States, at any time after the loans or any of the other obligations evidenced by the Note become due, whether by acceleration or otherwise, to waive the issuing and service of process and to confess a judgment against the Borrower in favor of the Bank, and/or any assignee or holder hereof for the amount of such loans and any of such other obligations then appearing due from the Borrower under the Note and this Note Modification Agreement, together with costs of suit and thereupon to release all errors and waive all right of appeal or stays of execution in any court of record. The Borrower hereby expressly (i) waives any conflict of interest of the attorney(s) retained by the Bank to confess judgment against the Borrower upon the Note and this Note Modification Agreement, and (ii) consents to the receipt by such attorney(s) of a reasonable legal fee from the Bank for legal services rendered for confessing judgment against the Borrower upon the Note and this Note Modification Agreement. A copy of the Note and this Note Modification Agreement, certified by the Bank, may be filed in each such proceeding in place of filing the original as a warrant of attorney. The Borrower acknowledges that it has read and understood all the provisions of this Note Modification Agreement, including the confession of judgment and waiver of jury trial, and has been advised by counsel as necessary or appropriate. [SIGNATURES APPEAR ON THE NEXT PAGE] [SIGNATURE PAGE TO NOTE MODIFICATION AGREEMENT] IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Borrower and the Bank, intending to be legally bound, have executed this Note Modification Agreement as of the day and year first above written with the intention that this Note Modification Agreement shall constitute a sealed instrument. WARNING-BY SIGNING THIS PAPER YOU GIVE UP YOUR RIGHT TO NOTICE AND COURT TRIAL. IF YOU DO NOT PAY ON TIME A COURT JUDGMENT MAY BE TAKEN AGAINST YOU WITHOUT YOUR PRIOR KNOWLEDGE AND THE POWERS OF A COURT CAN BE USED TO COLLECT FROM YOU REGARDLESS OF ANY CLAIMS YOU MAY HAVE AGAINST THE CREDITOR WHETHER FOR RETURNED GOODS, FAULTY GOODS, FAILURE ON HIS PART TO COMPLY WITH THE AGREEMENT, OR ANY OTHER CAUSE. BORROWER: ORWELL NATURAL GAS COMPANY By: /s/ Richard M. Osborne (Seal) Name: Richard M. Osborne Title: Chairman/CEO BANK: THE HUNTINGTON NATIONAL BANK By: /s/ Bruce G. Shearer Name: Bruce G. Shearer Title: Senior Vice-President -3- __clusterTitleType__17 
  Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement), dated January 4, 2010, among the Company and the purchasers signatory thereto. __clusterTitleType__3 
  (a)This Contract shall be effective after signed and affixed with seal by the representatives of both parties.  This Contract can be signed by fax. (b)Should either party fail to perform its obligations hereunder and fail to make remedies within 15 days after being required by the other party, the other party may give a written notice to terminate this Contract.  __clusterTitleType__18 
 The headings of the sections of this Deed are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Deed or to affect the construction thereof. (Remainder of page intentionally left blank) 10 The parties have caused this Deed to be signed as of the day and year first above written. INDEMNITEE By: Name: PRESENT when the COMMON SEAL of WILLIS GROUP HOLDINGS PUBLIC LIMITED COMPANY was affixed hereto: By: Name: Director/Member of Sealing Committee By: Name: Director/Secretary/Member of Sealing Committee 11 __clusterTitleType__24 
  10.01Confidential Information. Confidential Information excludes, (a) information that becomes publicly available through no fault of the receiving party or its representatives, (b) information that is necessary or appropriate in making any filing or obtaining any consent or approval related to the transactions contemplated by the parties, or (c) information that is required by, or is necessary or appropriate to be disclosed in connection with, a court or administrative order or legal proceeding, or is required to be disclosed by Law. Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement, the receiving party shall promptly return to the disclosing party or destroy all Confidential Information in its possession and shall certify to the disclosing party that it has done so. Each party shall be responsible and liable for the breach of this provision by its agents, employees, representatives and subcontractors. Notwithstanding anything else to the contrary in this Agreement, Paramount Rx shall have the right to disclose the Program terms and conditions to Participating Pharmacies, manufacturers, Members and their representatives and to identify Client as a customer of Paramount Rx, as needed to provide services to the Client. 8 10.02Trademarks and Service Marks. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Client shall have the right to list Paramount Rx and use its trade name and marks in Member, promotional and other materials approved in advance and in writing by Paramount Rx, and Paramount Rx shall have the right to use Clients logo, marks, name, address and Program information in materials distributed to Participating Pharmacies and pharmaceutical manufacturers and prospective and current Members in connection with the services provided by Paramount Rx under this Agreement, only with the express written permission from Client. 10.03Survival. __clusterTitleType__17 
 AS PROVIDED IN THE OLDER WORKERS BENEFIT PROTECTION ACT, EMPLOYEE ACKNOWLEDGES AND UNDERSTANDS THAT HE HAS BEEN ADVISED TO CONSULT WITH AN ATTORNEY OF HIS CHOICE PRIOR TO SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT. EMPLOYEE FURTHER UNDERSTANDS AND AGREES THAT HE HAS BEEN GIVEN A PERIOD OF TWENTY-ONE (21) DAYS IN WHICH TO REVIEW AND TO CONSIDER WHETHER TO SIGN THIS AGREEMENT BUT THAT EMPLOYEE MAY, IN HIS DISCRETION, EXECUTE THIS AGREEMENT BEFORE THE EXPIRATION OF SAID TWENTY-ONE (21) DAY CONSIDERATION PERIOD. IT IS FURTHER UNDERSTOOD THAT EMPLOYEE SHALL BE ENTITLED TO REVOKE OR CANCEL HIS ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT DURING THE SEVEN (7) DAY PERIOD FOLLOWING HIS DELIVERY OF A SIGNED COPY OF THIS AGREEMENT TO JACK W. BABICH, CHIEF HUMAN RELATIONS OFFICER OF AMERISERV FINANCIAL. EMPLOYEE AGREES TO COMMUNICATE ANY SUCH NOTICE OF REVOCATION OR CANCELLATION BY WRITTEN NOTICE, SENT BY HIM OR HIS LEGAL COUNSEL TO MR. BABICH. BY EXECUTING THIS AGREEMENT, EMPLOYEE ACKNOWLEDGES THAT HE HAS CAREFULLY READ THE FOREGOING AGREEMENT AND ALL OF ITS PROVISIONS AND HAS HAD THE BENEFIT OF COUNSEL WITH RESPECT TO THIS SEPARATION AGREEMENT AND RELEASE AND ITS CONTENTS, HAS HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO CONSIDER THIS AGREEMENT, UNDERSTAND THIS AGREEMENT, DISCUSS THIS AGREEMENT WITH LEGAL COUNSEL, AND RELY UPON COUNSELS ADVICE, AND REVIEW ALL OF ITS TERMS WHICH HAVE BEEN FULLY EXPLAINED AND MADE KNOWN TO HIM, AND THAT HE IS SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT AS HIS FREE ACT AND DEED, AND THAT HE IS ACCEPTING VOLUNTARILY ALL TERMS OF THIS SEPARATION AGREEMENT AND RELEASE. By signing this Agreement, the parties to this Agreement acknowledge that they understand this Agreement and enter into it voluntarily, that this is a complete settlement and release agreement and that there are no written or oral understandings or agreements that are not set forth herein. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the aforesaid parties have hereunto set their hands and seals as of the date and year above written. AMERISERV FINANCIAL, INC. By /s/Jack W. Babich Jack W. Babich EMPLOYEE /s/Ronald W. Virag Ronald W. Virag 1 __clusterTitleType__17 
 : Debtor hereby grants to Secured Party a continuing security interest in all right , title and interest of Debtor in the collateral now existing and hereafter arising or acquired by Debtor , regardless of where it is located , and is defined as follows ( together with all proceeds and products thereof and all additions and accession thereto , replacements thereof , supporting obligations therefor , guaranties thereof , insurance or condemnation proceeds thereof , documents related thereto , all sales of accounts constituting a right to payment therefrom , all tort or other claims against third parties arising out of damage thereto or destruction thereof , all property received wholly or partly in trade or exchange thereof , all fixtures attached or appurtenant thereto , all leases thereof , and all rents , revenues , issues , profits and all proceeds arising from the sale , lease , license , encumbrance , collection or any other temporary or permanent disposition thereof , or any other interest therein , collectively , the Collateral ) : (a)All Accounts, all Accounts Receivable, all Cash Security, all Inventory, all Equipment, all General Intangibles, and all Investment Property, in each case whether now owned or hereafter acquired or received by Debtor; and  (b)All Instruments, Documents, chattel paper, electronic chattel paper, securities, moneys, cash, letters of credit, letter of credit rights, promissory notes, warrants, dividends, distributions, commercial tort claims, contracts, agreements, contract rights or other property, owned by Debtor or in which Debtor has an interest, including but not limited to, those which are now or hereafter in the possession or control of Secured Party or in transit by mail or carrier to or in the possession of any third party acting on behalf of Secured Party, without regard to whether Secured Party received the same in pledge, for safekeeping, as agent for collection or transmission or otherwise or whether Secured Party had conditionally released the same, and the proceeds thereof, all rights to payment from, and all claims against Secured Party, and any deposit accounts of Debtor with Secured Party, including all demand, time, savings, passbook or other accounts and all deposits therein; and  (c)All of the Proceeds, products, profits, and rents of Debtors Accounts, Accounts Receivable, Inventory, Equipment, Cash Security, Investment Property and General Intangibles and all books and records, including computer software, used in connection with any of the Collateral.  __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Options are not intended to qualify as incentive stock options within the meaning of Section 422A of the Code. __clusterTitleType__17 
  This Note may be converted by the Holder in whole or in part as described in Section 2.1(a) hereof. Upon partial conversion of this Note, a new Note containing the same date and provisions of this Note shall, at the request of the Holder, be issued by the Borrower to the Holder for the principal balance of this Note and interest which shall not have been converted or paid. 2 __clusterTitleType__17 
 (a) Guarantor is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in full force and effect under the laws of the State of Ohio; that Guarantor has the right, power and authority to execute, deliver and perform this Guaranty; and that Guarantor has been authorized to enter into this Guaranty by all necessary and proper corporate action; (b) this Guaranty constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of Guarantor enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and by the availability of equitable remedies; Page 5 of 7 (c) the execution, delivery and performance of this Guaranty will not violate any provision of any applicable law or material contractual obligation of Guarantor and will not result in the creation or imposition of any lien upon or with respect to any property or revenues of Guarantor; and that the execution, delivery and performance of this Guaranty will not violate any provision of Guarantors Articles of Incorporation, Code of Regulations or By-laws, or any other organization or governing documents of Guarantor; (d) no consent or authorization of, filing with, or other act by or in respect of, any arbitrator or governmental authority and no consent of any other person (including, without limitation, any shareholder, director, officer or creditor of Guarantor), is required in connection with the execution, delivery, performance, validity or enforceability of this Guaranty; (e) no actions, suits or proceedings before any court, tribunal, arbitrator or governmental authority are pending or, to the knowledge of Guarantor, threatened by or against Guarantor or against any of its properties or with respect to this Guaranty or any of the transactions contemplated hereby; (f) Guarantor shall preserve and maintain its corporate existence, rights, franchises and privileges in the jurisdiction of its organization or in any other jurisdiction required by law; and (g) Guarantor shall not permit any capital or shareholder interest of Guarantor to be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise encumbered in any manner whatsoever. __clusterTitleType__17 
  In the event of any change in the outstanding Ordinary Shares by reason of a share split, spin-off, share dividend, share combination or reclassification recapitalization or merger, Change of Control, or similar event, the Committee shall adjust appropriately the number of Shares subject to the Plan and available for or covered by Grants and Share prices related to outstanding Grants to the extent necessary, and may make such other revisions to outstanding Grants as it deems are equitably required including, without limitation, in an event that is not a Change of Control, providing for the payment of a dividend in respect of the Share subject to any outstanding Grants, in all events in order to allow Participants to participate to such event in an equitable manner. An adjustment under this provision may have the effect of reducing the price at which Ordinary Shares may be acquired to less than their nominal value (the Shortfall), but only if and to the extent that the Board of Directors shall be authorized to capitalize from the reserves of the Company a sum equal to the Shortfall and to apply that sum in paying up that amount on the Ordinary Shares. __clusterTitleType__17 
 You may exercise the Rights by giving written notice to the Secretary of the Company, or by following such procedures as established by the Company, specifying the number of shares to be exercised (the Exercise Notice), together with a copy of this letter. __clusterTitleType__17 
 No supplement, modification or amendment, or wavier of any provision, of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by the parties thereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions of this Agreement nor shall any waiver constitute a continuing waiver. __clusterTitleType__8 
  2.1The Acquisition Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in reliance on the representations, warranties, covenants and conditions herein contained, the Sellers hereby agree to sell, assign and deliver to Purchaser the Shares in exchange for the Acquisition Shares on the Closing Date and to transfer to Purchaser on the Closing Date a 100% undivided interest in and to the Shares free from all liens, mortgages, charges, pledges, encumbrances or other burdens (other than those that may arise under federal or state securities laws restricting the right to sell or transfer the Shares) with all rights now or thereafter attached thereto. 2.2Purchase Price; Allocation The purchase price for the purchase of the Shares shall be the Acquisition Shares allocated on the basis of 129.75918 Acquisition Share for each one Share held by Sellers in accordance with Exhibit A attached hereto. 2.3Adherence with Applicable Securities Laws Each of the Sellers agrees that he is acquiring the Acquisition Shares for investment purposes and will not offer, sell or otherwise transfer, pledge or hypothecate any of the Acquisition Shares issued to him (other than pursuant to an effective Registration Statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) directly or indirectly unless: (a)the sale is to Purchaser;  (b)the sale is made pursuant to the exemption from registration under the Securities Act, provided by Rule 144 thereunder; or  (c)the Acquisition Shares are sold in a transaction that does not require registration under the Securities Act or any applicable United States state laws and regulations governing the offer and sale of securities, and the vendor has furnished to Purchaser an opinion of counsel to that effect or such other written opinion as may be reasonably required by Purchaser.  The Sellers acknowledge that the certificates representing the Acquisition Shares shall bear the following legend: THESE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933. THEY MAY NOT BE SOLD, OFFERED FOR SALE, PLEDGED, HYPOTHECATED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE OF A REGISTRATION STATEMENT WITH RESPECT TO THE SECURITIES UNDER SUCH ACT AND THE OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED OR UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A OF SUCH ACT. 6 2.4Closing The parties hereto shall use their best efforts to close the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the Closing), by December 28, 2009. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Unless otherwise required by law, any notice will be given by delivering such notice or mailing such notice by first class mail to the appropriate partys address listed in the DATE AND PARTIES section hereinabove, or to any other address designated in writing by one party to the other. Borrower will inform Lender in writing of any change in Borrowers name, address or other application information. Borrower will provide to Lender any financial statement or information Lender reasonably requests. All financial statements and information Borrower gives Lender will be correct and complete in all material respects. Borrower agrees to sign, deliver and file any additional documents or certifications that Lender may consider necessary to perfect, continue, preserve and confirm the status of Lenders liens and security interests covering the Property. Lender and Borrower expressly agree that time is of the essence in the payment and performance of all duties and obligations contained in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. __clusterTitleType__4 
 13.1 The failure to exercise or de]ay in exercising a right or remedy under this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of the right or remedy or waiver of any other rights or remedies and no single or partial exercise of any right or remedy under this Agreement shall prevent any further exercise of the right or remedy or the exercise of any other right or remedy. 13.2 Should any Clause or any part of any Clause contained in this Agreement be declared invalid or unenforceable for any reason Whatsoever, all other Clauses or parts of Clauses contained in this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 23 13.3 This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties relating to the subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes all previous agreements. 13.4 No amendment or variation of this Agreement shall be valid unless it is in writing and signed by or on behalf of each of the Parties. 13.5 This Agreement shall be executed in two (2) duplicate originals in English. Each Party has received one (1) duplicate original, and all originals shall be equally valid. [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 24 [Signature Page] IN WITNESS WHEREOF both parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their legal representatives and duly authorized representatives on their behalf as of the date first set forth above. PARTY A: Harbin Mega Profit Management & Consultation Co., Ltd. Legal/Authorized Representative: /s/ ZHENG Zhi Name: ZHENG Zhi Title: Executive Director PARTY B: Qinggang Mega Profit Agriculture Co., Ltd. Legal/Authorized Representative: /s/ ZHENG Zhi Name: ZHENG Zhi Title: Executive Director 25 __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Note is secured by certain assets of the Borrower in accordance with a separate security agreement (the Security Agreement) of even date herewith between the Borrower and Lender. In case of an Event of Default (as defined in this Note), the Lender shall have the rights set forth in the Security Agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. __clusterTitleType__10 
  Anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding, (a) each Grantor shall remain liable under any contracts and agreements included in the Collateral, to the extent set forth therein, to perform all of its duties and obligations thereunder to the same extent as if this Agreement had not been executed, (b) the exercise by Secured Party of any of its rights hereunder shall not release any Grantor from any of its duties or obligations under the contracts and agreements included in the Collateral, and (c) Secured Party shall not have any obligation or liability under any contracts, licenses, and agreements included in the Collateral by reason of this Agreement, nor shall Secured Party be obligated to perform any of the obligations or duties of any Grantor thereunder or to take any action to collect or enforce any claim for payment assigned hereunder. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Any of the following events shall constitute an Event of Default hereunder: a. Failure by the Maker to pay the principal or Interest, if any, of this Note when due and payable b. The entry of an order for relief under Federal Bankruptcy Code as to the Maker or approving a petition in reorganization or other similar relief under bankruptcy or similar laws in the United States of America or any other competent jurisdiction, and if such order, if involuntary, is not satisfied or withdrawn within sixty (60) days after entry thereof; or the filing of a petition by the Maker seeking any of the foregoing, or consenting thereto; or the filing of a petition to take advantage of any debtors act; or making a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; or admitting in writing inability to pay debts as they mature; or c. Failure by the Maker to pay the principal and Interest, if any, of this Note concurrent with a Pre-Payment Event; or d. The breach of any covenant made by the Maker in this Note. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Any or all services may be performed or goods purchased by Managing Agent under arrangements jointly with or for other properties owned or managed by Managing Agent and the costs shall be reasonably apportioned. Managing Agent may employ personnel who are assigned to work exclusively at the Managed Premises or partly at the Managed Premises and other buildings owned and/or managed by Managing Agent. Wages, benefits and other related costs of centralized accounting personnel and employees employed by Managing Agent and assigned to work exclusively or partly at the Managed Premises shall be fairly apportioned and reimbursed, pro rata, by Owners in addition to the Fee and Construction Supervision Fee (each as defined in Section 6). __clusterTitleType__17 
  3.1General.  Conditions precedent (aufschiebende Bedingung) to the Closing include: 3.1.1The Buyer obtaining, in a form acceptable to it, all consents, approvals clearances, and authorizations of any relevant government authority or other relevant third-party as may be reasonably considered necessary by the Buyer;  3.1.2Buyer receiving relevant consents as may be necessary in connection with the proposed change in shareholding of the Company so as to ensure that the Company maintains all existing contractual and other rights following the transfer of the Shares;  3.1.3The Buyer receiving approval and authorization from its Board of Directors to complete the Closing;  3 3.1.4Where necessary, Seller receiving approval and authorization of its Board of Directors or other persons (e. g., spouses, if applicable) whose consent is regarded as obligatory by the respective applicable laws to complete the Closing; and 3.1.5The obligations described in Paragraph 2. 5, above. 3.2Best Efforts.  Each Party will use its Best Efforts to complete the conditions precedent as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event before the Closing Date. If a Party has Knowledge or gains Knowledge of any fact or circumstance that might prevent the Closing, it will immediately inform the other Parties. Seller shall use its Best Efforts to assist the Buyer in completing the conditions precedent. 3.3Waiver.  If any condition precedent has not been satisfied on or before the Closing Date, the Party to whom the condition precedent benefits may (i) waive the condition that has not been satisfied, (ii) postpone the Closing to a date certain, but not longer than three calendar weeks (a Postponement Date), or (iii) terminate this Agreement. These terms also apply if any conditions precedent have not been satisfied before a Postponement Date. __clusterTitleType__17 
  7.1The Subscriber acknowledges that the representations and warranties contained herein and in the Questionnaire, if applicable, are made by it with the intention that such representations and warranties may be relied upon by the Company and its legal counsel in determining the Subscribers eligibility to purchase the Securities under applicable securities legislation, or (if applicable) the eligibility of others on whose behalf it is contracting hereunder to purchase the Shares under applicable securities legislation.  The Subscriber further agrees that by accepting delivery of the certificates representing the Shares and the Warrants on the Closing Date, it will be representing and warranting that the representations and warranties contained herein and in the Questionnaire, if applicable, are true and correct as at the Closing Date with the same force and effect as if they had been made by the Subscriber on the Closing Date and that they will sur vive the purchase by the Subscriber of the Securities and will continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any subsequent disposition by the Subscriber of such Securities. __clusterTitleType__11 
 Awards may be granted in each calendar year or portion thereof while the Plan is in effect to such of the Participants as the Board, or the Committee if one has been appointed, in its discretion, shall determine. In determining the Participants to whom Awards shall be granted and the number of Shares to be issued or subject to purchase or issuance under such Awards, the Board, or the Committee if one has been appointed, shall take into account the recommendations of the Companys management as to the duties of the respective Participants, their present and potential contributions to the success of the Company and its Subsidiaries, and such other factors as the Board or the Committee, as the case may be, shall deem relevant in connection with accomplishing the purposes of the Plan; provided, however, that no Incentive Stock Options may be granted to a Participant who is not an employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. If the Company becomes subject to the Exchange Act, no Participant shall receive Options and/or Restricted Stock Awards to acquire more than One Hundred Twenty Five Thousand (125,000) Shares in any one calendar year. No Award shall be granted to any member of the Board who is not also an officer or key employee or consultant of the Company or any Subsidiary. __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Agreement and the legal relations among the parties shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. The Company and Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally (i) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the Chancery Court of the State of Delaware (the Delaware Court), and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of America or any court in any other country, (ii) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Court for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, (iii) waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action or proceeding in the Delaware Court, and (iv) waive, and agree not to plead or to make, any claim that any such action or proceeding brought in the Delaware Court has been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum. __clusterTitleType__19 
 Whenever Tenant requests Landlord to take any action or give any consent, whether or not required or permitted under this Lease, Tenant will reimburse Landlord for all of Landlord's reasonable costs incurred in reviewing the proposed action or consent, including, without limitation, attorneys', engineers', architects', accountants and other professional fees, as Additional Rent, within ten (10) days after Landlord's delivery to Tenant of a statement of such costs. Tenant will be obligated to make such reimbursement without regard to whether Landlord consents to any such proposed action. The fees specified in this Article 49 are in addition to any other fees mentioned in this Lease, and shall not be combined with any specific fees set forth elsewhere in this Lease. __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Agreement may not be assigned in whole or in part by either party without the prior written consent of the other; provided, however, that such consent shall not be unreasonably conditioned, delayed or withheld and Purchaser may assign this Agreement to one of its affiliates without the prior consent or approval of Seller. __clusterTitleType__22 
 It is agreed that time is of the essence of this Note and in the event of default of the terms of this Note, the Maker agrees to pay all costs of collection or enforcement, including reasonable attorneys fees and if there is a default in payment of any sum due hereunder. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The number of full Warrant Shares that shall be issuable upon the exercise of this Warrant shall be computed on the basis of the aggregate number of Warrants Shares purchasable on exercise of this Warrant so presented. If any fraction of a Warrant Share would, except for the provisions of this Section 9, be issuable on the exercise of this Warrant, the Company shall, at its option, (i) pay an amount in cash equal to the Exercise Price multiplied by such fraction or (ii) round the number of Warrant Shares issuable, up to the next whole number. __clusterTitleType__17 
 10.1 The Companies Act 1990 (the Act) (a) Where the Borrower is a limited company, the following covenants will apply: i. The Borrower will notify the Bank if restrictions are imposed on any of its shares, pursuant to any section of the Act. ii. The Borrower will notify the Bank of any report made by any inspectors, arising from an investigation of the Borrower or its ownership and will provide a copy of the report, if one has been supplied to the Borrower. iii. The Borrower will notify the Bank if any Disclosure Order is made, relating to any shares or debentures in the Borrowers name, pursuant to the provisions of the Act. iv. The Borrower will notify the Bank if any director has been the subject of a Declaration Order or a Disqualification Order. (b) If shares (The Shares) in a company are being taken as security, the following covenants will apply: i. The Borrower will notify the Bank if any restrictions are imposed on the Shares which it holds by way of security, pursuant to any provisions of the Act. ii. The Borrower will notify the Bank and the PLC in which the Shares are held if, during the duration of the facility, the interest of the Borrower in the Shares of the PLC, at any time equals or exceeds 5% of any class of shares in the PLC carrying the rights to vote at general meetings. iii. The Borrower will comply with any notice served on him by the PLC to furnish information relating to the Shares of the PLC and to notify the Bank if any such notice has been served on him. 10.2 Environmental Covenant The Borrower covenants with the Bank that it will obtain all requisite environmental licences, within the meaning of the Environmental Protection Agency Act 1992 as amended, or analogous legislation, and will comply with the terms of all such licences and all other environmental law, concerning the protection of human health or the environment or the conditions of the work place or the generation, transportation, storage or disposal of dangerous substances. The Borrower will notify the Bank of all communications received in respect of any modification, suspension or revocation of any environmental licence applicable to it and/or any alleged breach of any Environmental Law. 10.3 Environmental Indemnity The Borrower hereby indemnifies the Bank against any costs or expenses suffered or incurred, which arise by virtue of an act or alleged breach of the Environmental Protection Agency Act 1992 as amended, or analogous legislation or other applicable environmental law concerning the protection of human health or the environment or the conditions of the work place or the generation, transportation, storage or disposal of dangerous substances. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The character of the shares of stock or other securities at the time issuable upon exercise of this Warrant and the Exercise Price therefor, are subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of any of the following events which shall have occurred or which shall occur at any time on or after the Closing Date, and all such adjustments shall be cumulative: a.Adjustment for Stock Splits, Stock Dividends, Recapitalizations, Etc. -3- b.Adjustment for Reorganization, Consolidation, Merger, Etc. c.Certificate as to Adjustments.In case of any adjustment or readjustment in the price or kind of securities issuable on the exercise of this Warrant, the Company will promptly give written notice thereof to the holder of this Warrant in the form of a certificate, certified and confirmed by the Secretary of the Company, setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and showing in reasonable detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The method of delivery of Subscription Certificates and payment of the Subscription Price to the Subscription Agent will be at the election and risk of the Holder of the Subscription Right. If sent by mail, it is recommended that they be sent by registered mail, properly insured, with return receipt requested, and that a sufficient number of days be allowed to ensure delivery to the Subscription Agent prior to the Expiration Date. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Each Shareholder agrees to comply with the obligations imposed on the Companys Representatives pursuant to Section 5.3 of the Merger Agreement as if a party thereto. __clusterTitleType__17 
 (a)Computation. Interest (the Interest) shall accrue on the unpaid principal amount of this Note from the date hereof until such principal amount is repaid in full at the rate of eight percent (8%) per annum, payable quarterly inarrears on the last day of each fiscal quarter of the Company (i.e., March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31) commencing January 1, 2010.For purposes of clarity, the initial interest payment shall consist of accrued interest from the date of issuance of the Note through December 31, 2009. Thereafter, interest payments of accrued interest shall be due and payable on the last day of each fiscal quarter until the Maturity Date, subject to earlier conversion or redemption of the Note.All computations of the interest rate hereunder shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months. In the event that any interest rate provided for herein shall be determined to be unlawful, such interest rate shall be computed at the highest rate permitted by applicable law. Any payment by the Company of any interest amount in excess of that permitted by law shall be considered a mistake, with the excess being applied to the principal of this Note without prepayment premium or penalty. (b)Closing Escrow Holdback. Pursuant to the SPA, $186,000 (if the Minimum Amount is raised) or up to $240,000 (if the Maximum Amount is raised) (the Total Holdback Amount), constituting an amount sufficient to satisfy one quarterly payment of Interest due on the aggregate principal amount of all Notes, shall be retained by the Escrow Agent and paid to the holders of the Notes and otherwise administered in accordance with the certain Closing Escrow Agreement. At such time as 75% of all Shares underlying the Notes have been issued upon conversion of Notes, if the Company is not in breach of any of the Transaction Documents, all remaining funds of the Total Holdback Amount, if any, shall be disbursed to the Company in accordance with the Closing Escrow Agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
 If an excavation or other construction shall be undertaken upon land adjacent, under, or about the Demised Premises, Tenant shall afford to the person performing such work, permission to enter upon the Demised Premises for the purpose of doing such work as such party deems necessary to preserve the wall, or the building of which the Demised Premises form a part, from injury or damage and to support the same by proper foundations without the same constituting an eviction of Tenant, in whole or part, and without any claim for damages or indemnity against Landlord, or diminution or abatement of Annual Base Rent. The person performing such work shall use reasonable efforts to minimize interference with, or interruption of, Tenant's business operations, and shall repair any damage caused to the Demised Premises as a result of such work. __clusterTitleType__17 
  If any provision of this Agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, this determination will not affect any other provision of this Agreement or the remaining portion of a partially invalid provision, which shall remain in force, and, if possible, the provision in question shall be modified by the court so as to be rendered enforceable. __clusterTitleType__14 
 __clusterTitleType__17 
 Any written notice, consent or other communication provided for in this Security Agreement shall be delivered to the addresses and sent in the manner as set forth in the Loan Documents. Such addresses may be changed by written notice given as provided in the Loan Documents. __clusterTitleType__4 
 In addition to all other obligations hereunder and without limiting any rights of Indemnitee hereunder, Willis US expressly agrees to, and hereby assumes, all indemnification, advancement of Expenses and/or similar obligations of Willis Group Holdings Limited to Indemnitee in existence immediately prior to the effectiveness of the Scheme of Arrangement pursuant to, and upon the terms of, the provisions set forth in the bye-laws of Willis Group Holdings Limited as then in effect and applicable and without regard to whether such provisions thereafter change or Willis Group Holdings Limited is thereafter liquidated, dissolved or otherwise ceases to exist. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Subscriber agrees to indemnify and hold the Company and any person, if any, who controls the Company, within the meaning of Section 15 of the Act, and the Companys officers, directors, agents, attorneys, and affiliates harmless from and against all damages, losses, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses reasonably incurred in the investigation or preparation in defense of any litigation commenced or threatened or any claim whatsoever, which they may incur by reason of the failure by the Subscriber to comply with the terms and conditions of this Subscription Agreement, or by reason of any misrepresentation or breach of any warranty or covenant made by the Subscriber herein, or in any document provided by the Subscriber to the Company in connection with the Subscribers investment in the Securities. The Subscriber further agrees that the provisions of this Section shall survive (a) the sale, transfer or any attempted sale or transfer of all or a portion of the Securities, and (b) the death of the Subscriber. __clusterTitleType__25 
  Notwithstanding the terms and conditions of Section 2 hereof, upon the Participants death or disability (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code), or upon the occurrence of a Triggering Event within the 12-month period following a Change in Control in accordance with Section 11 of the Stock Plan as in effect as of the date of the Triggering Event (provided, in each case, that the Participant is employed by Disney (or an Affiliate) at the time of such death, disability or occurrence of a Triggering Event), this Award shall become fully vested and shall be payable in accordance with Section 5 hereof to the extent that it has not previously been forfeited. __clusterTitleType__1 
 All negotiations, considerations, representations, and understandings between the parties are incorporated in this Lease and Tenant acknowledges and agrees that Landlord, its agents and representatives, have made no representations, warranties or promises with respect to the Office Park or the Demised Premises except as may be expressly set forth herein. Boomerange Lease 4.13.09 Page 25 of 35 __clusterTitleType__11 
 Contracts . Within four weeks after the execution of this Agreement, IDEH shall furnish Target with Schedule 7.4, listing, identifying and fairly summarizing each Contract to which IDEH is a party as of the date that such Schedule 7.4 is provided, and such Schedule 7.4 shall be incorporated herein as a part of this Agreement once provided by IDEH. For the purposes herein Contracts mean (whether written or oral): (i)All joint venture contracts of IDEH or affiliates relating to the business of IDEH;  (ii)All contracts of IDEH relating to (a) obligations for borrowed money, (b) obligations evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar instruments, (c) obligations to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services, except trade accounts payable arising in the ordinary course of business, (d) obligations under capital leases, (e) debt of others secured by a lien on any asset of IDEH, and (f) debts of others guaranteed by IDEH;  (iii)All agreements of IDEH relating to the supply of raw materials for and the distribution of the products of its business, including without limitation all sales agreements, manufacturers representative agreements and distribution agreements of whatever magnitude and nature, and any commitments therefore;  (iv)All contracts that individually provide for aggregate future payments to or from IDEH of US$5,000 or more, to the extent not included in (i) through (iii) above;  (v)All contracts of IDEH that have a term exceeding one year and that may not be cancelled without any liability, penalty or premium, to the extent not included in (i) through (iv) above;  (vi)A complete list of all outstanding powers of attorney granted by IDEH ; (vii)All other contracts of IDEH material to the business, assets, liabilities, financial condition, results of operations or prospects of the business of IDEH taken as a whole to the extent not included above.  All of such Contracts will be transferred to New Co. in connection with the Merger; and (viii)All pending disputes with customers or vendors of IDEH regarding quality or return of goods involving amounts in dispute with any one customer or vendor, whether for related or unrelated claims, in excess of US$5,000.  20 As soon as practicable after Schedule 7.4 is provided by IDEH to Target, the parties shall discuss and reach agreement as to the resolution of each Contract, such as whether a particular Contract shall be assigned to New Co. or another third party, shall be terminated prior to the Closing, or shall remain with the Surviving Corporation. For all Contracts that will not remain with the Surviving Corporation, IDEH undertakes that it shall cause such Contracts to be either terminated or assigned to a third party, all to the reasonable satisfaction of Target. __clusterTitleType__17 
 (a)The maturity date shall be extended to November 28, 2010; and  (b)The interest rate shall be modified to the Index rate for a LIBO Rate Interest Period of one month, plus 3. 00 percentage points, subject to a LIBO Rate floor of 1.00 percentage point. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The captions included herein have been inserted for ease of reference only and shall not be construed to affect the meaning, construction or effect of this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
  This Award Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to the choice of law principles thereof. 4 THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY By: Name: Title: PARTICIPANT 5 __clusterTitleType__7 
 Green House has good and marketable title to all of its properties, interest in properties, and assets, real and personal, which are reflected in the Green House balance sheet or acquired after that date (except properties, interest in properties, and assets sold or otherwise disposed of since such date in the ordinary course of business), free and clear of all liens, pledges, charges, or encumbrances except: statutory liens or claims not yet delinquent; and as described in the Green House Schedules. 4 __clusterTitleType__17 
 No provision of this Agreement may be modified, waived or discharged unless such waiver, modification or discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by the Executive and such officer as may be specifically designated by the Board. No waiver by either party hereto at any time of any breach by the other party hereto of, or of any lack of compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by such other party shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same or at any prior or subsequent time. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties concerning the specific subject matter addressed by this Agreement and supersedes all prior agreements addressing the terms and conditions contained herein. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to amend or otherwise alter the change in control provisions or any other provisions of any (a) stock option or other compensation or incentive award that may heretofore have been or may hereafter be granted to the Executive, or (b) employee benefit or fringe benefit plan in which the Executive may heretofore have been or may hereafter be a participant. The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York. All references to sections of the Code or the Exchange Act shall be deemed also to refer to any successor provisions to such sections and to IRS or SEC regulations and official guidance published thereunder. Any payments provided for hereunder shall be subject to any applicable withholding required under federal, state or local law and any additional withholding to which the Executive has agreed. The obligations of the Company and the Executive under this Agreement which by their nature may require either partial or total performance after the expiration of the Term (including, without limitation, those under Sections 6 and 7 hereof) shall survive such expiration. __clusterTitleType__12 
 At each fiscal quarter end while the Loan is outstanding, Borrower covenants and agrees to: (i) maintain Stockholders Equity of at least $4,800,000.00; and (ii) maintain a ratio of Current Assets to Current Liabilities of at least 1 to 1 (i.e., Current Assets must equal or exceed Current Liabilities. Within 30 days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters, and within 60 days after the end of each fourth fiscal quarter, of Borrower, Borrower must furnish evidence satisfactory to Lender that Borrower is in compliance with the foregoing financial covenants. If Borrower is unable to provide such evidence to Lender, such failure shall constitute a default by Borrower under this Agreement unless a delay is approved by Lender in writing and in advance. __clusterTitleType__17 
  Notwithstanding anything else herein to the contrary, the Company may withhold (or cause there to be withheld, as the case may be) from any amounts otherwise due or payable under or pursuant to this Agreement such national, provincial, local or any other income, employment, or other taxes as may be required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation. 6 __clusterTitleType__2 
 The sum shall be RMB 100,000,000. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Seller agrees to sell the equipment more fully described by Sonic Sampling & Supply, CRS Equipment Acquisition Summary, Quote (7) attached hereto and incorporated by reference (the Equipment) and Purchaser agrees to buy the Equipment at the prices set forth in Quote (7). Purchaser agrees to be responsible for the selection and use of the Equipment. __clusterTitleType__17 
 All notices, demands and other communications required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been properly given if delivered by hand or by Federal Express courier or by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, with postage prepaid, to Seller or Purchaser, as the case may be, at their addresses first above written, or at such other addresses as they may designate by notice given hereunder. __clusterTitleType__4 
  By acceptance of the Notes, each Holder agrees that, as of the date of issuance, the original copy of its Notes shall be held by the Company, as custodian of the Notes, for the benefit of such Holder. A Holder may request in writing the delivery of the original copy of its Note by contacting the Company at the address set forth in Section 18 above. __clusterTitleType__17 
  On receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant and, in the case of any such loss, theft or destruction of this Warrant, on delivery of an indemnity agreement or security reasonably satisfactory in form and amount to the Company or, in the case of any such mutilation, on surrender and cancellation of this Warrant, the Company at its expense, twice only, will execute and deliver, in lieu thereof, a new Warrant of like tenor. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Optionee acknowledges that the grant and terms of these options are confidential and may not be disclosed by Optionee to any other person, including other employees of the Company and other participants in the Plan, without the express written consent of the Company's President. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Optionee may disclose the grant and terms of these options to the Optionee's family member, financial advisor, and attorney. Any breach of this provision will be deemed to be a material breach of this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
  Payment of vested Stock Units shall be made within 30 days following the later of: (i)the date as of which all of the applicable vesting requirements under Section 2 hereof shall have been satisfied for the applicable Tranche, or  (ii)the date of certification of achievement of the applicable Performance Targets by the Committee for the applicable Tranche, as required under Sections 2. A hereof, or within 30 days following acceleration of vesting under Section 3 hereof, if applicable, but in no event later than the later of (x) December 31 of the year in which the Scheduled Vesting Date occurs and (y) two and one-half months after the Scheduled Vesting Date occurs. The Stock Units shall be paid in cash or in Shares (or some combination thereof), as determined by the Committee in its discretion at the time of payment, and in either case shall be paid to the Participant after deduction of applicable minimum statutory withholding taxes. __clusterTitleType__17 
 (a) Any term of this Warrant may be amended with the written consent of the Company and the holders of the existing warrant. The Company shall promptly give notice to holder of Preferred Stock Warrants of any amendment effected in accordance with the Section 10. (b) No waivers of, or exceptions to, any term, condition or provision of this Warrant, in any one or more instances, shall be deemed to be, or construed as, a further or continuing waiver of any such term, condition or provision. __clusterTitleType__15 
 Any claim for defect or variance in quality of product furnished hereunder shall be made in writing to CITGO within five (5) days after discovery of the defect or variance. CITGO shall be furnished samples adequate to test the products claimed to be defective and shall be afforded the opportunity to take its own samples. Any and all claims not made within the time and in the manner herein provided shall be deemed waived and released by the Marketer. __clusterTitleType__17 
 All notices required to be given under this Agreement shall be deemed to be received if delivered or mailed as provided for herein, to the parties at the following addresses, or to such other address as either party may provide in writing from time to time. To the Company: To the Grantee: Education Realty Trust, Inc. 530 Oak Court Drive, Suite 300 Memphis, TN 38117-3725 Attn: Corporate Secretary The address then maintained with respect to the Grantee in the Companys records. __clusterTitleType__4 
 All notices hereunder shall be in writing and sent by certified mail, hand delivery, overnight delivery or fax, if sent to the parties at their respective addresses or fax numbers set forth on the signature page hereto. Notices sent by certified mail shall be deemed received five days after mailing, notices sent by hand delivery or overnight delivery shall be deemed received on the date of the relevant written record of receipt, and notices delivered by facsimile transmission shall be deemed received as of the date and time printed on the facsimile transmission receipt. __clusterTitleType__4 
 1. Depending on terrain and material conditions the CRS-V crawler drilling unit is suitable for drilling holes to a minimum of thirty (30) meters depth using 7-inch casing and 5-inch sampling equipment . SSD anticipates that, excluding conditions of Force Majeure, each rental unit shall have an average production rate of 22,5 meters per day based upon a 10 hour shift under normal operating conditions. Any average production of less than the above average of drilled, cased and extracted samples per rig per day will be grounds for renegotiation of the pricing schedule between SSD and Minatura which the parties agree to do in good faith. In any renegotiation of price, the parties will take into consideration that the rate of production is dependent on a lot of factors, e.g. accessibility of the land, distance accommodation  jobsite, geological conditions, water delivery, diesel delivery, other consumables, clearance of forest, crops, temp cross overs, local permits etc. 2. If SSD will not be able to produce the estimated production per day, it will not be responsible or liable for any damages resulting thereof except to renegotiate as set forth in 7.1. above. __clusterTitleType__17 
 This FirstSupplemental Indenture may not be used to interpret any other indenture, loan or debt agreement of the Company or its Subsidiaries (other than the Indenture). No such indenture, loan or debt agreement may be used to interpret this FirstSupplemental Indenture or the Indenture. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Whenever used, the singular includes the plural and the plural includes the singular. The section headings are for convenience only and are not to be used to interpret or define the terms of this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
 If any legal action or any arbitration or other proceeding is brought for the enforcement of this Agreement, or because of an alleged dispute, breach, default or misrepresentation in connection with any of the provisions of this Agreement, the successful or prevailing party or parties shall be entitled to recover as an element of their damages, reasonable attorneys' fees and other costs incurred in that action or proceeding, in addition to any other relief to which they may be entitled. __clusterTitleType__17 
  __clusterTitleType__17 
 If there is a conflict between this Agreement and the Plan, the provisions of the Plan shall control. __clusterTitleType__17 
 8.1 Each Party will, at such Partys sole cost and expense, indemnify, defend and hold harmless the other Party and the other Partys directors, officers, partners, employees, representatives, successors, and assigns from and against any and all losses, liabilities, expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees), encumbrances, or other obligations arising from a claim, action, proceeding or suit by third party, which directly or indirectly, arises out of or is alleged to arise out of the Partys (i) breach of any representation, warranty, or covenant in this Contract; (iii) negligent, reckless, or wilful acts or omissions in the performance of this Contract; or (iii) violation of Applicable Law. 8.2 Promptly the commencement or threatened commencement of any claim, action, proceeding or suit involving an indemnified claim, the indemnitee shall notify the indemnitor of such claim in writing. No failure to so notify the indemnitor shall relieve the indemnitor of the indemnitors obligations under this Contract except to the extent that it can demonstrate damages attributable to such failure. The indemnitor shall assume control of the defense or settlement of any such claim, action, proceeding or suit, except that the indemnitor shall obtain the prior written approval of the indemnitee before entering into any settlement or agreement that purports to bind the indemnitee, and the indemnitee may participate in any such defense or settlement at its sole cost and expense. 8 __clusterTitleType__25 
 __clusterTitleType__17 
 Until Performance Shares are settled by delivery of shares of Stock in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, Employee may not transfer Performance Shares or any rights hereunder to any third party other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution, except for transfers to a Beneficiary or as otherwise permitted and subject to the conditions under Section 11(b) of the Plan. __clusterTitleType__17 
 No provision of this Agreement may be modified, waived or discharged unless such waiver, modification or discharge is agreed to in writing, and is signed by Executive and an officer of the Company specifically designated by the Board of the Company or its Compensation Committee to execute such writing. No delay in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof. No waiver by either party hereto at any time of any breach by the other party hereto of, or compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by such other party shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same or at any prior or subsequent time. __clusterTitleType__15 
 9 (a)This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Nevada without giving effect to the, principles of conflicts of Law thereof (b)JURISDICTION AND VENUE THIS WAIVER OF RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IS SEPARATELY AND KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY GIVEN, BY EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO. (c)Each entity or Party involved in litigation or arbitration shall be responsible for its own costs and expenses of any litigation or arbitration proceeding, including its own attorney's fees (for any litigation, arbitration, and any appeals) (The rest of this page left intentionally blank.) 10 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have executed this Stock Purchase Agreement as of the date first above written. RAUNO PERTTU STRATEGIC MINERALS, INC. By: Name: Rauno Perttu Title: Chief Executive Officer AULTRA GOLD, INC. By: Name: Rauno Perttu Title: Chief Executive Officer DUTCH GOLD RESOURCES INC. By: Name: Daniel W. Hollis Title: Chief Executive Officer 11 SCHEDULE A Name Number of Shares Rauno Perttu 3,510,000 Strategic Minerals Inc. 2,000,000 Aultra Gold Capital Inc. 932,500 12 __clusterTitleType__17 
  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, immediately upon commencement of discussions with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, the Company (and each employee, representative or other agent of the Company) may disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the tax treatment and tax structure of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to the Company relating to such tax treatment and tax structure. For purposes of the foregoing, the term tax treatment is the purported or claimed federal income tax treatment of the transactions contemplated hereby, and the term tax structure includes any fact that may be relevant to understanding the purported or claimed federal income tax treatment of the transactions contemplated hereby. __clusterTitleType__2 
 Escrow Agent shall be entitled to fees and expenses for its regular services as Escrow Agent as set forth in Exhibit A. Additionally, Escrow Agent is entitled to reasonable fees for extraordinary services and reimbursement of any reasonable out of pocket and extraordinary costs and expenses related to its obligations as Escrow Agent under this Agreement, including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees. All of the Escrow Agents compensation, costs and expenses shall be paid by the Company. __clusterTitleType__17 
 __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Facility Termination Date is hereby accelerated to be the date first written above. __clusterTitleType__29 
 Sellers total liability to the Customer for damages, from any cause whosoever, and regardless of the form of action, whether in contract or tort, including negligence, is limited to actual damages up to the purchase price paid for the Equipment under the Agreement. This limitation of liability will not apply to personal injury caused by Seller. __clusterTitleType__17 
 To the extent any indemnification by an indemnifying party is prohibited or limited by law, the indemnifying party agrees to make the maximum contribution with respect to any amounts for which it would otherwise be liable under Section 6 to the fullest extent permitted by law; provided, however, that: (i) no Person involved in the sale of Registrable Securities which Person is guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the 1933 Act) in connection with such sale shall be entitled to contribution from any Person involved in such sale of Registrable Securities who was not guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation; and (ii) contribution by any seller of Registrable Securities shall be limited in amount to the net amount of proceeds received by such seller from the sale of such Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement. __clusterTitleType__27 
  3.1 Reduction The Borrowing Base shall be reduced by $1,000,000 on the first day of each calendar month, beginning on February 1, 2010, until the next redetermination of the Borrowing Base in accordance with Section 2.02(b). 3.2 Repayment of Distribution On June 30, 2010, the Borrowing Base shall be reduced by an amount equal to the excess on such date, if any, of the NGAS Convertible Note Dividend paid by the Borrower pursuant to Section 7.06(c)(i) of the Credit Agreement over any distributions from Holdings to the Borrower after the payment of such NGAS Convertible Note Dividend. Section 4 Conditions Precedent. The effectiveness of this Fourth Amendment is subject to the receipt by the Administrative Agent of the following documents and satisfaction of the other conditions provided in this Section 4, each of which shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in form and substance: 4.1 Fourth Amendment The Administrative Agent shall have received multiple counterparts as requested of this Fourth Amendment from the Borrower and the Required Lenders. 4.2 Payment of Outstanding Invoices Payment by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent of (a) an amendment fee to the Administrative Agent for each Lender approving this Fourth Amendment in an amount equal to 25 bps times the Commitment of each such Lender and (b) all other fees and other amounts due and payable on or prior to the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, including, to the extent invoiced, reimbursement or payment of all out-of-pocket expenses required to be reimbursed or paid by the Borrower (including, without limitation, the fees and expenses of Vinson & Elkins L.L.P., counsel to the Administrative Agent). 4.3 No Default No Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing as of the Fourth Amendment Effective Date. __clusterTitleType__17 
 5.1 If the Executive's employment shall be terminated for any reason following a Change in Control and during the Term, the Company shall pay the Executive his full salary through the date of termination at the rate in effect immediately prior to the date of termination or, if higher, the rate in effect immediately prior to the first occurrence of an event or circumstance constituting Good Reason, together with all compensation and benefits payable to the Executive through the date of termination under the terms of the Company's compensation and benefit plans, programs and arrangements as in effect immediately prior to the date of termination or, if more favorable to the Executive, as in effect immediately prior to the first occurrence of an event or circumstance constituting Good Reason. 5.2 Subject to Section 6.1 hereof, if the Executive's employment shall be terminated for any reason following a Change in Control and during the Term, the Company shall pay to the Executive the Executive's normal post-termination compensation and benefits as such payments become due. Any such post-termination compensation and benefits shall be determined under, and paid in accordance with, the Company's retirement, insurance and other compensation and benefit plans, programs and arrangements as in effect immediately prior to the date of termination or, if more favorable to the Executive, as in effect immediately prior to the occurrence of the first event or circumstance constituting Good Reason. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Investor understands and acknowledges that the Company has a limited financial and operating history and that an investment in the Company is highly speculative and involves substantial risks. Investor can bear the economic risk of Investors investment and is able, without impairing Investors financial condition, to hold the Shares for an indefinite period of time and to suffer a complete loss of Investors investment. __clusterTitleType__17 
 All notices and other communications provided for hereunder shall be in writing (including telecopier communication) and mailed, telecopied, or delivered, to the Maker or the Holder, as applicable, at their respective addresses specified on the signature pages hereof, or, as to each party, at such other address as shall be designated by such party in a written notice to the other party. All such notices and communications shall, when mailed or telecopied, be effective when deposited in the mails or telecopied with receipt confirmed, respectively. __clusterTitleType__4 
 The Company shall satisfy the exercise of all Participants Options for the purchase of Shares through the Companys purchase of Shares from the open market and not through the issuance of new Shares. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Indemnitee agrees promptly to notify the Company in writing upon being served with any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating to any Proceeding or matter which may be subject to indemnification or advancement of Expenses covered hereunder. The failure of Indemnitee to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company of any obligation which it may have to the Indemnitee under this Deed or otherwise. __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Agreement will commence on the date first written above and continue until terminated in accordance with Section 9. __clusterTitleType__18 
 This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes and cancels any pre-existing agreements with respect to such subject matter. __clusterTitleType__6 
 25 __clusterTitleType__6 
 Landlord and Tenant hereby releases the other from any and all liability or responsibility (to the other or anyone claiming through or under them by way of subrogation or otherwise) under fire and extended coverage or supplementary contract casualties, if such fire or other casualty shall have been caused by the fault or negligence of the other party, or anyone for whom such party may be responsible; provided, however, that this release shall be applicable and in force and effect only with respect to loss or damage occurring during such time as the releasor's policies shall contain a clause or endorsement to the effect that any such release shall not adversely affect or impair said policies or prejudice the rights of the releasor to recover thereunder. Landlord and Tenant agree that its respective policies will include such a clause or endorsement so long as the same shall be obtainable without extra cost, or if such cost shall be charged therefore so long as the other party pays such extra cost. If extra cost shall be chargeable therefor, each party shall notify the other party thereof and of the amount of the extra cost, and the other party shall be obligated to pay the extra cost unless, within ten (10) days after such notice, it elects not to be obligated to do so by written notice to the original party. If such clause or endorsement is not available, or if either party should not desire the coverage at extra cost to it, then the provisions of this Article shall not apply to the policy or policies in question. Boomerange Lease 4.13.09 Page 24 of 35 __clusterTitleType__8 
 In connection with any underwritten public offering by the Company of its equity securities pursuant to an effective registration statement filed under the Act, including the Company's initial public offering, the Optionee shall not directly or indirectly sell, make any short sale of, loan, hypothecate, pledge, offer, grant or sell any option or other contract for the purchase of, purchase any option or other contract for the sale of, or otherwise dispose of or transfer, or agree to engage in any of the foregoing transactions with respect to, any Shares acquired under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the Company or its underwriters. Such restriction (the "Market Stand-Off") shall be in effect for such period of time following the date of the final prospectus for the offering as may be requested by the Company or such underwriters. In no event, however, shall such period exceed 180 days. In the event of the declaration of a stock dividend, a spin-off, a stock split, an adjustment in conversion ratio, a recapitalization or a similar transaction affecting the Company's outstanding securities without receipt of consideration, any new, substituted or additional securities which are by reason of such transaction distributed with respect to any Shares subject to the Market Stand-Off, or into which such Shares thereby become convertible, shall immediately be subject to the Market Stand-Off. In order to enforce the Market Stand-Off, the Company may impose stop-transfer instructions with respect to the Shares acquired under this Agreement until the end of the applicable stand-off period. The Company's underwriters shall be beneficiaries of the agreement set forth in this Section. This Section shall not apply to Shares registered in the public offering under the Act, and the Optionee shall be subject to this Section only if the directors and officers of the Company are subject to similar arrangements. __clusterTitleType__17 
 (a) All expenses incident to the Companys and the Note Guarantors performance of or compliance with this Agreement will be borne by the Company and the Note Guarantors, jointly and severally, regardless of whether a Registration Statement becomes effective, including, without limitation: (i) all registration and filing fees and expenses (including filings made by any Initial Purchaser or Holder with FINRA (and, if applicable, the reasonable fees and expenses of any qualified independent underwriter, and one counsel to such person, that may be required by the rules and regulations of FINRA)); (ii) all fees and expenses of qualifying the Securities under state securities or blue sky laws, including all filing fees and the reasonable fees and disbursements of one counsel to the Holders of Transfer Restricted Securities registered pursuant to any Shelf Registration Statement in connection with such qualification and with any blue sky survey or any supplement thereto; (iii) all expenses of printing (including printing certificates for the Exchange Securities to be issued in the Exchange Offer and printing of Prospectuses), messenger and delivery services and telephone; (iv) all reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company and the Note Guarantors and, subject to Section 7(b) 14 hereof, one counsel to the Holders of Transfer Restricted Securities registered pursuant to any Shelf Registration Statement; (v) all application and filing fees in connection with listing the Exchange Securities on a securities exchange or automated quotation system pursuant to the requirements thereof; and (vi) all fees and disbursements of independent certified public accountants of the Company and the Note Guarantors (including the expenses of any special audit and comfort letters required by or incident to such performance). Each of the Company and each Note Guarantor will, in any event, bear its internal expenses (including, without limitation, all salaries and expenses of its officers and employees performing legal or accounting duties), the expenses of any annual audit and the fees and expenses of any Person, including special experts, retained by the Company or the Note Guarantors. (b) In connection with a Shelf Registration Statement required by this Agreement, the Company and the Note Guarantors, jointly and severally, will reimburse Holders of Transfer Restricted Securities being resold pursuant to the Plan of Distribution contained in the Shelf Registration Statement for the reasonable fees and disbursements of not more than one counsel as may be chosen by the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Transfer Restricted Securities for whose benefit such Shelf Registration Statement is being prepared __clusterTitleType__23 
 This Agreement contains the entire understanding and agreement among the parties. There are no other agreements, conditions or representations, oral or written, express or implied, with regard thereto. This Agreement may be amended only in writing signed by all parties. __clusterTitleType__6 
  __clusterTitleType__17 
  The Notes may be issued in denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000, or in any such smaller denominations as is necessary to allow the issuance of Notes with an original principal amount as the Issuer would be required to deliver upon redemption of the Issuers Class R Common Stock in accordance with the terms thereof and the Merger Agreement. A Holder may transfer or exchange Notes only in accordance with the Indenture. Upon any registration of transfer or exchange, the Registrar and the Trustee may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements or transfer documents and to pay any taxes required by law or permitted by the Indenture. The Registrar shall not be required to register the transfer of or exchange any Note selected for redemption in whole or in part, except for the unredeemed portion of any Note being redeemed in part. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Subject to the terms and provisions of the Credit Agreement, Makers may use all or any part of the credit provided to be evidenced by this note at any time before the Maturity Date. Makers may borrow, repay and reborrow hereunder, and except as set forth in the Credit Agreement there is no limitation on the number of advances made hereunder. 2 __clusterTitleType__17 
  The purpose of the Willis Group Senior Management Incentive Plan (as amended and restated on December 30, 2009 by Willis Group Holdings Limited and as amended and restated and assumed by Willis Group Holdings Public Limited Company on December 31, 2009, the Plan) is to attract, retain and motivate selected employees of Willis Group Holdings Public Limited Company, a company incorporated in Ireland under registered number 475616, or any successor thereto (the Company) and its Subsidiaries and affiliates who are executive officers of the Company and members of its Partners Group and any successor thereto in order to promote the Companys long-term growth and profitability. It is also intended that all Bonuses (as defined in Section 5(a)) payable under the Plan be considered performance-based compensation within the meaning of Section 162(m)(4)(C) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), and the regulations thereunder, and the Plan shall be interpreted accordingly. Subsidiary, as used herein, means any subsidiary of the Company within the meaning of Section 155 of the Companies Act 1963 of Ireland (the Act). __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Depositary may appoint and remove (i) co-registrars to register ADRs and transfers, combinations and split-ups of ADRs and to countersign ADRs in accordance with the terms of any such appointment and (ii) co-transfer agents for the purpose of effecting transfers, combinations and split-ups of ADRs at designated transfer offices in addition to the Transfer Office on behalf of the Depositary. Each co-registrar or co-transfer agent (other than JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.) shall give notice in writing to the Company and the Depositary accepting such appointment and agreeing to be bound by the applicable terms of this Deposit Agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The character of the shares of stock or other securities at the time issuable upon exercise of this Warrant and the Exercise Price therefor, are subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of any of the following events which shall have occurred or which shall occur at any time on or after the Closing Date, and all such adjustments shall be cumulative: a.Adjustment for Stock Splits, Stock Dividends, Recapitalizations, Etc The Exercise Price of this Warrant and the number of shares of Common Stock or other securities at the time issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be appropriately adjusted to reflect any stock dividend, stock split, stock distribution, combination of shares, reverse split, reclassification, recapitalization or other similar event affecting the number of outstanding shares of stock or securities. b.Adjustment for Reorganization, Consolidation, Merger, Etc In case of any consolidation or merger of the Company with or into any other corporation, entity or person, or any other corporate reorganization, in which the Company shall not be the continuing or surviving entity of such consolidation, merger or reorganization (any such transaction being hereinafter referred to as a Reorganization), then, in each case, the holder of this Warrant, on exercise hereof at any time after the consummation or effective date of such Reorganization (the Effective Date), shall receive, in lieu of the shares of stock or other securities at any time issuable upon the exercise of the Warrant issuable on such exercise prior to the Effective Date, the stock and other securities and property (including cash) to which such holder would have been entitled upon the Effective Date if such holder had exercised this Warrant immediately prior thereto (all subject to further adjustment as provided in this Warrant). c.Certificate as to Adjustments In case of any adjustment or readjustment in the price or kind of securities issuable on the exercise of this Warrant, the Company will promptly give written notice thereof to the holder of this Warrant in the form of a certificate, certified and confirmed by the Secretary of the Company, setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and showing in reasonable detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based. -3- __clusterTitleType__17 
  The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents that it is acquiring this Warrant and the Warrant Shares for its own account for investment only and not with a view towards, or for resale in connection with, the public sale or distribution of this Warrant or the Warrant Shares, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act. Upon exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall, if requested by the Company, confirm in writing, in a form satisfactory to the Company, that the Warrant Shares are being acquired solely for the Holders own account and not as a nominee for any other party, for investment, and not with a view toward distribution or resale. If Holder cannot make such representations because they would be factually incorrect, it shall be a condition to Holders exercise of this Warrant that the Company receive such other representations as the Company considers reasonably necessary to assure the Company that the issuance of its securities upon exercise of this Warrant shall not violate any federal or state securities laws. The Company shall not be penalized or disadvantaged by a Holders inability to exercise this Warrant due to its inability to make the required representations in connection with the exercise of this Warrant. __clusterTitleType__11 
 The Agreement may not be terminated by the Parties during the first ninety days following the Effective Date (the "Introduction Period") other than as a result of a material breach of any provision of this agreement that is not uncured within ten (10) days following notification thereof by the non- breaching party. Following the Introduction Period and in the event that the Company desires to terminate this Agreement at any time prior to the expiration date, it shall provide Legend with written notice of its intention to terminate this Agreement and this Agreement shall so terminate immediately following delivery of such notice by the Company (the "Termination Date"), without any further responsibility for either party; provided, however, that Legend shall be entitled to receive all accrued compensation, including all vested - fees (as set forth below) and un-reimbursed expenses, if any, outstanding as of the Termination Date and Legend's obligations under Section 2 regarding Information of the Company shall survive such termination. Notice shall be deemed delivered when sent via e-mail, facsimile, or when deposited with a bonded overnight courier. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Seller will have no obligation under this Agreement if: (1) repair or replacement of the Equipment or parts is required as a result of normal wear and tear or necessitated in whole or part by catastrophic or causes external to the Equipment, or (2) the Equipment has not been properly used or maintained in accordance with then applicable operating and maintenance manuals. __clusterTitleType__17 
 If a court determines that Employee has violated this Agreement by filing a claim, suing AmeriServ Financial or violating the covenants established in Section 8 of this Agreement, Employee agrees to pay all costs and expenses of defending against such claims incurred by AmeriServ Financial in prosecuting any counterclaim or cross claim based on this Agreement, including reasonable attorneys' fees and all other costs and expenses associated therewith. __clusterTitleType__17 
 If any one or more provisions of this Note shall be held to be illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable, the same shall not affect any other provisions of this Note and the remaining provisions of this Note shall remain in full force and effect. Article and paragraph headings in this Note are included herein for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part of this Note for any other purpose or be given any substantive effect. __clusterTitleType__24 
 Any notice required or permitted by this Agreement shall be deemed given if sent by registered mail, postage prepaid with return receipt requested, addressed to the other party at the address set forth in the preamble of this Agreement or at such other address for which such party gives notice hereunder. Delivery shall be deemed effective three (3) days after deposit with postal authorities. __clusterTitleType__4 
  __clusterTitleType__17 
 In addition to, and without regard to any limitations on, the indemnification provided for in Section 1 of this Agreement, the Company shall and hereby does indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee against all Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf if, by reason of his Corporate Status, he is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or participant in any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company), including, without limitation, all liability arising out of the negligence or active or passive wrongdoing of Indemnitee. The only limitation that shall exist upon the Companys obligations pursuant to this Agreement shall be that the Company shall not be obligated to make any payment to Indemnitee that is finally determined (under the procedures, and subject to the presumptions, set forth in Sections 6 and 7 hereof) to be unlawful. __clusterTitleType__17 
 6.1 By Mutual Consent. This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Closing Date by the mutual written consent of NGAS and the Holder. 6.2 By the Holder. This Agreement may be terminated by the Holder upon a material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement of NGAS set forth in this Agreement. 6.3 By NGAS. This Agreement may be terminated by NGAS upon a material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement of the Holder set forth in this Agreement. 6.4 Failure to Close. If the Closing does not occur on or before January 15, 2010, then the Holder or NGAS may terminate this Agreement by delivery of written notice of termination to the other party; provided, however, any party that is in material breach of this Agreement shall not have the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 6.4. 6.5 Effect of Termination. If this Agreement is terminated as provided in this Section 6, then this Agreement will forthwith become null and void and there will be no liability on the part of any party hereto to any other party hereto or any other Person in respect thereof, provided that: (i) the obligations of the parties described in Sections 7.3 and 7.14 will survive any such termination; and (ii) no such termination will relieve any party from liability for breach of its obligations under this Agreement, and in such event the other parties shall have all rights and remedies available at law or equity, including the right of specific performance against such party. 16 __clusterTitleType__5 
 The rights granted under this Agreement may be exercised by the Optionee, or by the person or persons to whom the Optionee's rights under this Agreement shall have passed under the provisions of Section 6 hereof, by delivering to the Company in care of its Secretary at the Company's principal office, written notice of the number of Shares with respect to which the rights are being exercised, accompanied by this Agreement for appropriate endorsement by the Company, such investment letter as may be required by Section 14 hereof, executed Stockholders Agreement described in Section 8 below, payment of the exercise price, and such other representations and agreements as may be required by the Administrator. The exercise price may be paid in cash, check, or consideration received by the Company under a broker assisted sale and remittance program acceptable to the Administrator. __clusterTitleType__17 
  The Executive will be based in , China or any other location as requested by the Company during the term of this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
 You shall not, during the term of this Agreement and thereafter, make any Unauthorized Disclosure. For purposes of this Agreement, Unauthorized Disclosure shall mean: 1) your disclosure (without the prior written consent of Dole) 2) to any person (other than an employee of Dole or a Dole subsidiary or a person to whom disclosure is reasonably necessary or appropriate in connection with your performance of your duties as an employee and/or officer of Dole or a Dole subsidiary) 3) of any confidential information relating to the business or prospects of Dole (including, but not limited to, any confidential information with respect to any of Doles customers, products, methods of distribution, strategies, business and marketing plans and business policies and practices), 4) except (i) to the extent disclosure is or may be required by law, by a court of law or by any governmental agency or other person or entity with apparent jurisdiction to require you to divulge, disclose or make available such information or (ii) in confidence to an attorney or other advisor for 1 the purpose of securing professional advice concerning your personal matters provided such attorney or other advisor agrees to observe these confidentiality provisions; 5) provided, however, that Unauthorized Disclosure shall not include your use or disclosure, without consent, of any information known generally to the public or known within Doles trade or industry (other than as a result of disclosure by you in violation of this section 5(a)). This covenant has no temporal, geographical or territorial restriction. __clusterTitleType__17 
  Debtor hereby agrees: (a) to do all acts that may be necessary to maintain, preserve and protect the Collateral; (b) to notify Secured Party promptly of any change in Debtor's name or place of business, or, if Debtor has more than one place of business, its head office, or office in which Debtor's records relating to the Collateral are kept; (c) to procure, execute and deliver from time to time any endorsements, assignments, financing statements and other writings deemed necessary or appropriate by Secured Party to perfect, maintain and protect its security interest hereunder and the priority thereof and to deliver promptly to Secured Party all originals of Collateral or proceeds consisting of chattel paper or instruments including but not limited to one or more UCC-1 financing statements, leasehold deeds of trust and patent and trademark collateral filings, all in a form reasonably requested by Secured Party; (d) to appear in and defend any action or proceeding which may affect its title to or Secured Party's interest in the Collateral; (e) to keep separate, accurate and complete records of the Collateral and to provide Secured Party with such records and such other reports and information relating to the Collateral as Secured Party may reasonably request from time to time; (f) not to cause or permit any waste or unusual or unreasonable depreciation of the Collateral; and (g) at any reasonable time, upon reasonable request by Secured Party, to exhibit to and allow inspection by Secured Party (or persons designated by Secured Party) of the Collateral. __clusterTitleType__17 
  This Agreement secures, and the Collateral is collateral security for, the prompt payment or performance in full when due, whether at stated maturity, by required prepayment, declaration, acceleration, demand or otherwise, of all Secured Obligations of each Grantor. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Holder or holder hereof may pursue any remedy under this Note without notice or presentment. The Holder or any holder hereof has the right to direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for exercising any remedy available to the Holder or any such holder hereof under this Note. ARTICLE IV MISCELLANEOUS __clusterTitleType__17 
  This Agreement will terminate on any earlier date if all Warrants have been exercised or expired without exercise. The provisions of Section 15 hereof shall survive such termination. __clusterTitleType__5 
 The Committee reserves the right at any time to amend the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, except that the Committee shall not make any amendment or revision in a manner unfavorable to you (other than if immaterial), without your consent. No consent shall be required for amendments made pursuant to Section 12 of the Plan, except that, for purposes of Section 19 of the Plan, Section 5 and Appendix 1 of this Agreement are deemed to be terms of an Award Agreement expressly referring to an Adjustment Event. Any amendment of this Agreement shall be in writing and signed by an authorized member of the Committee or a person or persons designated by the Committee. __clusterTitleType__8 
 If the Contractor completes the Project prior to the target completion date, the Owner shall pay a bonus equal to 0.03% of the Contract price per day for each day between the actual completion date and the target completion date. If the Contractor fails to complete the Project on the target completion date, the Contractor shall enjoy a two-month grace period during which it shall expedite the construction. If the Contractor fails to complete the Project on or prior to June 30, 2009, the Contractor shall pay the Owner a liquidated damage equal to 0.03% of the Contract price per day for each day after June 30, 2009 until the Project is completed. __clusterTitleType__17 
 It is understood and agreed that this Transfer Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties, and no oral or written statements, promise, or understandings not included in this writing shall be valid or binding. __clusterTitleType__6 
 This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with the substantive laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without regard to its principles of conflicts of laws. 11 __clusterTitleType__7 
 The Holder shall not be entitled to exercise this Warrant on an exercise date, in connection with that number of shares of Common Stock which would be in excess of the sum of (i) the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its affiliates on an exercise date, and (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of this Warrant with respect to which the determination of this proviso is being made on an exercise date, which would result in beneficial ownership by the Holder and its affiliates of more than 4.99% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company on such date. For the purposes of the proviso to the immediately preceding sentence, beneficial ownership shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Regulation 13d-3 thereunder. Subject to the foregoing, the Holder shall not be limited to aggregate exercises which would result in the issuance of more than 4.99%. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Director who is present at a meeting of the Board of Directors at which action on any Company matter is taken shall be presumed to have assented to the action taken unless his dissent shall be entered in the Minutes of the meeting or unless he shall file his written dissent from such action with the person acting as the Chairman or Secretary of the meeting before the adjournment thereof or shall forward such dissent by registered post to such person immediately after the adjournment of the meeting . Such right to dissent shall not apply to a Director who voted in favour of such action. DIVIDENDS, DISTRIBUTIONS AND RESERVE __clusterTitleType__17 
 Debtor represents and warrants to Bank that: (a) Debtor's legal name is exactly as set forth on the first page of this Agreement, and all of Debtor's organizational documents or agreements delivered to Bank are complete and accurate in every respect; (b) Debtor is the owner and has possession or control of the Collateral and Proceeds; (c) Debtor has the exclusive right to grant a security interest in the Collateral and Proceeds; (d) all Collateral and Proceeds are genuine, free from liens, adverse claims, setoffs, default, prepayment, defenses and conditions precedent of any kind or character, except SECAAGMT.TX (05/09) 20091215004 / Page 1 03087, #0262351751 the lien created hereby or as otherwise agreed to by Bank, or heretofore disclosed by Debtor to Bank, in writing; (e) all statements contained herein and, where applicable, in the Collateral are true and complete in all material respects; (f) no financing statement covering any of the Collateral or Proceeds, and naming any secured party other than Bank, is on file in any public office; (g) all persons appearing to be obligated on Rights to Payment and Proceeds have authority and capacity to contract and are bound as they appear to be; (h) all property subject to chattel paper has been properly registered and filed in compliance with law and to perfect the interest of Debtor in such property; and (i) all Rights to Payment and Proceeds comply with all applicable laws concerning form, content and manner of preparation and execution, including where applicable Federal Reserve Regulation Z and any State consumer credit laws. __clusterTitleType__11 
 __clusterTitleType__17 
  The obligations of the Corporations under this Agreement are joint and several to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. __clusterTitleType__17 
 From and after their issuance, Award Shares shall be entitled to the same dividend on a per share basis as all other shares of Common Stock without regard to whether such Award Share has then vested (which dividend shall be non-refundable, notwithstanding any subsequent forfeiture, if any, of Award Shares in respect of which such dividend was paid). __clusterTitleType__17 
 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of his or her Corporate Status, a witness, or is made (or asked to) respond to discovery requests, in any Proceeding to which Indemnitee is not a party, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection therewith. __clusterTitleType__17 
 1. Minatura will pay all payments done under this Agreement in Euros; 2. Minatura will pay the advanced payment of Euro 222,000. before January 11, 2010 on the bank account of SSD; 3. Minatura will pay an additional payment of Euro 100,000. on the bank account of SSD within two days after the Equipment has arrived on the project site; 4. The aforementioned advance payments amounting to a total of Euro 322,000. will be deducted from the final invoice of SSD, irrespective whether the total rental period is either three or six months. 5. Invoices, rental crew and equipment + meter age sampling rate, will be sent by SSD every 2 weeks during the execution of the project. 6. Invoices have to be paid within 30 days of invoice date. 7. Payments will be made by Minatura without settlement or any other form of reservation. 8. In the case of an overdue payment of any due and payable amount Minatura shall pay an interest rate of 10 % over the overdue amount from the day that Minatura is in default until the day of payment in full, to be increased with full legal and court costs if any, with a minimum of 3 % of the principal sum due. __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement among the parties and there are no other understandings or agreements, written or oral, between them on the subject. There are no representations, agreements, arrangements or understandings between the parties hereto concerning the subject matter of this Agreement whether oral or written, which are not fully expressed herein, and no unexecuted drafts of this Agreement or any notes, memoranda or other writings pertaining hereto shall be used to interpret any of the provisions of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Nonqualified Stock Option Agreements referenced in paragraph 4 hereof, the PSU Agreement, and sections 5(d), 5(g), 6, 8, 9, 10(a), (b), and (d), and 11 through 24 of the Employment Agreement shall remain in full force and effect, except that Employee agrees that the non-competition provision in section 10(a) of the Employment Agreement shall extend for eighteen months following the Separation Date. __clusterTitleType__6 
 Executive will be reimbursed for all reasonable, out-of-pocket business expenses incurred in the performance of Executives duties on behalf of Company. To obtain reimbursement, expenses must be submitted promptly with appropriate supporting documentation in accordance with Companys policies. __clusterTitleType__17 
 O.B. E-Fuel's facility or warehouse. Shipments outside the United States shall be Ex. Works E-Fuel's facility (INCOTERMS 2000). __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Agreement may be amended only by an instrument in writing executed by the Parties hereto. __clusterTitleType__8 
 Nothing in this Agreement is intended to create nor may it create any relationship between the parties other than independent contractors. No association, joint venture, partnership, or any agency relationship is created or exists between the parties. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Tenant shall make timely payment of all ad valorem or other taxes and assessments levied upon Tenant's stock of merchandise, fixtures, furnishings, furniture, equipment, supplies and other property located on or used in connection with the Demised Premises and of all privilege and business licenses, fees, taxes and similar charges. __clusterTitleType__2 
 Green House has all licenses, franchises, permits, and other government authorizations, that are legally required to enable it to conduct its business operations in all material respects as conducted on the date hereof. Except for compliance with federal and state securities or corporation laws, as hereinafter provided, no authorization, approval, consent, or order of, or registration, declaration, or filing with, any court or other governmental body is required in connection with the execution and delivery by Green House of this Agreement and the consummation by Green House of the transactions contemplated hereby. __clusterTitleType__17 
 anticipated in the Agreement will not close simultaneously as originally anticipated. Instead, the acquisition of Smithfield Beef Group, Inc. will occur on or about October 21, 2008 and the remainder of the acquisition will occur at a later date. __clusterTitleType__17 
 As a subfeature under the Line of Credit, Bank agrees from time to time during the term thereof to issue or cause an affiliate to issue Standby letters of credit for the account of Borrower (each, a "Letter of Credit" and collectively, "Letters of Credit"); provided however, that the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit shall not at any time exceed Two Million Dollars ($2,000,000.00). The form and substance of each Letter of Credit shall be subject to approval by Bank, in its sole discretion. No Letter of Credit shall have an expiration date beyond the maturity date of the Line of Credit. The undrawn amount of all Letters of Credit shall be reserved under the Line of Credit and shall not be available for borrowings thereunder. Each Letter of Credit shall be subject to the additional terms and conditions of the Letter of Credit agreements, applications and any related documents required by Bank in connection with the issuance thereof. Each drawing paid under a Letter of Credit shall be deemed an advance under the Line of Credit and shall be repaid by Borrower in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement applicable to such advances; provided however, that if advances under the Line of Credit are not available, for any reason, at the time any drawing is paid, then Borrower shall immediately pay to Bank the full amount drawn, together with interest thereon from the date such drawing is paid to the date such amount is fully repaid by Borrower, at the rate of interest applicable to advances under the Line of Credit. In such event Borrower agrees that Bank, in its sole discretion, may debit any account maintained by Borrower with Bank for the amount of any such drawing. __clusterTitleType__17 
 : (a)All rights of Secured Party shall inure to the benefit of its successors and assigns and all obligations of Debtor shall bind the successors and assigns of Debtor.  (b)Debtor acknowledges and agrees that, in addition to the security interests granted herein, Secured Party has a bankers lien and common law right of set-off in and to Debtors deposits, accounts and credits held by Secured Party and Secured Party may  9 apply or set-off such deposits or other sums against the Obligations upon the occurrence of an Event Default as set forth in this Agreement. (c)This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and no oral agreement whatsoever, whether made contemporaneously herewith or hereafter shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the terms of this Agreement.  (d)DEBTOR HEREBY WAIVES THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY MATTERS ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY . (e)All rights and liabilities hereunder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Ohio.  (f)Any provision herein which may prove limited or unenforceable under any law or judicial ruling shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement.  (g)Debtor hereby further authorizes Secured Party to file UCC Financing Statements on behalf of Debtor and Secured Party with respect to the Collateral.  Remainder of this page intentionally left blank 10 (h)Secured Party is hereby authorized to fill in all blank spaces herein, to correct patent errors herein, to complete or correct the description of the Collateral, and to date this Agreement.  SECURED PARTY: DEBTOR: CITIZENS BANK GREAT PLAINS LAND DEVELOPMENT COMPANY, LTD., an Ohio limited liability company By: /s/ David Tholt By: /s/ Thomas J. Smith Name: David Tholt Name: Thomas J. Smith Title: Vice President Title: Vice President 11 EXHIBIT A Location(s) of Debtor 8500 Station Street, Mentor, Ohio 44060 12 __clusterTitleType__12 
 a. Unbranded Marketer agrees to pay CITGO in accordance with such terms as CITGOs Credit Department, in its sole discretion may from time to time prescribe in writing. The failure by Unbranded Marketer to pay any invoice within the terms then prescribed by CITGOs Credit Department may result in the restriction of credit, the denial of access to the petroleum terminals from which Unbranded Marketer is authorized to obtain its supply of petroleum products. Further, failure to make payment within payment terms authorizes the imposition of finance charges in an amount equal to the lesser of (i) the maximum amount allowed by applicable law or (ii) one and one-half percent (1.5%) per month. Unbranded Marketer agrees to provide CITGOs Credit Department with a current, audited or certified financial statement within ninety (90) days after the end of each fiscal year and such other business related information as may be requested by CITGOs Credit Department from time to time. b. At the time of execution of this Agreement and thereafter upon CITGOs request, in order to maintain a credit line, Unbranded Marketer may be required to furnish CITGO with letters of credit that may be requested by CITGO. c. If Unbranded Marketer fails to comply with the terms and conditions of payment and credit established by CITGO, or if CITGO has reasonable grounds for insecurity with respect to Unbranded Marketers performance of any of Marketers obligations under this Agreement, then, in addition to all other rights and remedies afforded to CITGO under this Agreement and applicable law, CITGO may take such action as CITGO deems reasonable. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Borrower shall pay to the Bank on demand, all legal charges and other costs and expenses in addition to any duty or out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Bank, in connection with the preparation, negotiation, execution, enforcement and realisation of the facility(ies) or any security held from time to time. The Borrower hereby authorises the Bank to debit any accounts with the Bank or with any other Bank or financial institution in the name of the Borrower with any and all of the foregoing amounts, as they arise from time to time. Any survey or valuation fees will be the responsibility of the Borrower. __clusterTitleType__17 
 1.1 The Executive shall serve as the President of the Company until such time as there is a Change in Control The Executive shall devote the necessary attention to the business and affairs of the Company and shall render such services to the best of his ability and use his best efforts to promote the interests of the Company. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The occurrence of the following event (Event of Default) shall constitute an Event of Default under this Agreement: (a)Debtor shall default in its performance of any covenant under this Security  Agreement; (b)Debtor fails to pay when due any sum payable under the terms of the Loan  Documents or this Security Agreement and Debtor has failed to cure such nonpayment within ninety (90) days after such sum has become due and payable; (c) Debtor files any petition or action for relief under any bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency or moratorium law or any other law for the relief of, or relating to, debtors, now or hereafter in effect, or makes any assignment for the benefit of creditors or takes any corporate action in furtherance of any of the foregoing; or (d) An involuntary petition is filed against Debtor under any bankruptcy statute now or hereafter in effect, unless such petition is dismissed or discharged within sixty - 3 - (60) days thereafter, or a custodian, receiver, trustee, assignee for the benefit of creditors (or other similar official) is appointed to take possession, custody or control of any property of Debtor. __clusterTitleType__17 
 __clusterTitleType__17 
 Investor understands that the Shares have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) and are being issued by reason of a specific exemption from the registration provisions of the Securities Act, the availability of which depends upon, among other things, the bona fide nature of the investment intent and the accuracy of such Investors representations as expressed herein or otherwise made pursuant hereto. 1 __clusterTitleType__23 
 These options shall be non-transferable by the Optionee other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, and shall be exercisable during the lifetime of the Optionee only by the Optionee, or as to Non-Statutory Stock Options also, by the Optionee's guardian or legal representative. After the death of the Optionee, these options may be exercised prior 1 to their termination by the Optionee's legal representative, heir or legatee, to the extent permitted in the Plan. Upon any attempt to sell, transfer, assign, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of this option (a "Transfer"), or of any right or privilege conferred hereby, contrary to the provisions hereof, or upon any attempted sale under any execution, attachment or similar process upon the rights and privileges conferred hereby, these options and the rights and privileges conferred hereby shall immediately become null and void. Until written notice of any permitted passage of rights under these options shall have been given to and received by the Secretary of the Company, the Company may, for all purposes, regard the Optionee as the holder of these options. __clusterTitleType__9 
  6.1Applicable Law.  The execution, validity, construing and performance of this Agreement and the resolution of disputes under this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of PRC. 6.2Dispute Resolution.  The parties shall strive to settle any dispute arising from the interpretation or performance in connection with this Agreement through friendly consultation. In case no settlement can be reached through consultation within thirty (30) days after such dispute is raised, each party can submit such matter to China International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission (the CIETAC) in accordance with its rules. Arbitration shall take place in Shanghai and the proceedings shall be conducted in Chinese. Any resulting arbitration award shall be final conclusive and binding upon both parties. 13 __clusterTitleType__17 
 __clusterTitleType__17 
 Except as specifically provided by this Amendment, the Omnibus Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. __clusterTitleType__17 
  (a)This Contract is written in Chinese and signed in two copies, each of which shall be held by each party.  This Contract is a polysilicon sale and purchase framework contract between Party A and Party B, and a separate sale and purchase contract will be signed for each single transaction. This Contract together with the separate sale and purchase contracts shall constitute all the contracts with regard to the subject matter of this Contract. 4 (b)This Contract shall become effective upon execution.  (c)Anything not included herein shall be subject to the separate sale and purchase contracts otherwise executed between both parties.  This Contract and the separate sale and purchase contracts shall enjoy the same legal validity. 5 Party A: Chongqing Daqo New Energy Co., Ltd. Seal Date: August 4, 2009 Party B: Zhejiang Yuhui Solar Energy Source Co. Ltd. Seal Date: August 4, 2009 6 __clusterTitleType__12 
 THIS FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICT OF LAWS. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES TO SUBMIT TO THE JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE. __clusterTitleType__7 
  7.01Paramount Rx agrees to pay Client a Transaction Fee as described in Exhibit B for all collected Program Claims on a twice monthly basis Paramount Rx shall have no duty or obligation whatsoever (whether in contract, tort, equity or otherwise) to pay Client Transaction Fees on Program Claims that are not received from Participating Pharmacies. Paramount Rx agrees to produce and deliver to Client a twice monthly machine readable transaction summary correlating back to the claims file via automated export and FTP transfer. __clusterTitleType__17 
 All notices and other communications provided for or permitted hereunder shall be made in writing by hand-delivery, first-class mail, telex, telecopier or air courier guaranteeing overnight delivery: (a) if to a Holder, at the most current address given by such holder to the Company in accordance with the provisions of the Notice and Questionnaire; (b) if to the Initial Purchasers or the Representatives, initially at the address or addresses set forth in the Purchase Agreement; and (c) if to the Company or the Operating Partnership, initially at its address set forth in the Purchase Agreement. All such notices and communications shall be deemed to have been duly given when received. The Initial Purchasers, the Company or the Operating Partnership by notice to the other parties may designate additional or different addresses for subsequent notices or communications. Notwithstanding the foregoing, notices given to Holders holding Notes in book-entry form may be given through the facilities of DTC or any successor depository. __clusterTitleType__4 
 forfeited share may be sold or otherwise disposed of on such terms and in such manner as the Directors think fit , and at any time before a sale or disposition the forfeiture may be cancelled on such terms as the Directors think fit . __clusterTitleType__17 
 Prior to the Closing Date, except as required by Law or the rules of any stock exchange, no public announcement or other publicity regarding the transactions referred to herein shall be made by the Buyer, the Seller, the Company or any of their respective Affiliates, officers, directors, employees, representatives or agents, without the prior written agreement of the Buyer and the Seller, in any case, as to form, content, timing and manner of distribution or publication; provided, however, that nothing in this Section shall prevent such parties from discussing such transactions with those Persons whose approval, agreement or opinion, as the case may be, is required for consummation of such particular transaction or transactions. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Lender agrees that the Loan shall not be considered part of the Secured Debts as such term is used in the Deed of Trust securing the Existing Loan. Page 23 __clusterTitleType__17 
 __clusterTitleType__16 
 Provisions of this Agreement may be amended and the observance thereof may be waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively or prospectively), only with the written consent of the Company and the Investor Representative who shall have obtained the consent of the Requisite Holders. Any amendment or waiver effected in accordance with this Section 10 shall be binding upon each Investor and the Company. No such amendment shall be effective to the extent that it applies to less than all of the holders of the Registrable Securities. No consideration shall be offered or paid to any Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of this Agreement unless the same consideration also is offered to all of the parties to this Agreement. 13 __clusterTitleType__23 
  NEO shall have the right to inject and withdraw one hundred percent of its daily contract demand if necessary to meet its firm capacity requirements. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Marketing agrees that NEO may on any day during a minimum period of five months out of each twelve-month period of the release call upon Marketing to deliver to NEO one-hundred percent of the daily contract demand for storage injections or withdrawals. The price of the natural gas so delivered shall be as specified in the GSA. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Costs and Expenses. Each Borrower absolutely and unconditionally agrees to pay to Agent, within 15 days of demand by Agent at any time, whether or not all or any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are consummated: all fees and disbursements of any counsel to Agent or any Lender in connection with the preparation, negotiation, execution or delivery of this Agreement and any agreements contemplated hereby and expenses which shall at any time be incurred or sustained by Agent, any Lender, or any of their respective directors, officers, employees or agents as a consequence of or in any way in connection with the preparation, negotiation, execution, or delivery of this Agreement and any agreements contemplated hereby. Each Borrower hereby agrees that Borrowers joint and several obligation under Section 2.8 of the Loan Agreement for the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses of Agent or any Lender in connection with any attempt to enforce rights of Agent or any Lender under the Loan Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents shall include the obligation to reimburse Agent and Lenders for collection fees, costs and expenses arising after entry of any judgment in respect of the amounts due to Lenders. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Pursuant to that certain letter, dated October 23, 2007, between the Company and you regarding your employment as Chief Executive Officer of Generac (the Employment Letter), it was contemplated: (1) the purchase by you of shares of class A common stock and (2) the loan to you of funds to purchase 100 shares of class B voting common stock of GPS CCMP Acquisition Corp. As you know, neither of these transactions has been consummated and you are hereby agreeing to forfeit and waive any right to these equity arrangements and that Section 3 of the Employment Letter is terminated in all respects. However, you have purchased for cash a total of 20.9075 shares of class B voting common stock of Holdings in two transactions (February 2007 and June 2008), and will retain these shares. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Options granted by this Agreement are subject to the Plan. __clusterTitleType__9 
  Notwithstanding any right of Iron Eagle and the Shareholders fully to investigate the affairs of Pinnacle, Iron Eagle and the Shareholders shall have the right to rely fully upon the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements of Pinnacle contained in this Agreement or in any document delivered by Pinnacle or any of its representatives, in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. All such representations, warranties, covenants and agreements shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and the Closing hereunder for twenty-four (24) months following the Closing. __clusterTitleType__11 
 Each of the Issuer, PHH and VMS acknowledge and agree that, in connection with the offering of the Securities contemplated hereunder or any other services the Initial Purchasers may be deemed to be providing hereunder, notwithstanding any preexisting relationship, advisory or otherwise, between the parties or any oral representations or assurances previously or subsequently made by the Initial Purchasers: (i) no fiduciary or agency relationship between the Issuer, PHH, VMS and any other person, on the one hand, and the Initial Purchasers, on the other hand, exists; (ii) the Initial Purchasers are not acting as advisor, expert or otherwise, to the Issuer, PHH or VMS, and such relationship between the Issuer, PHH and VMS, on the one hand, and the Initial Purchasers, on the other hand, is entirely and solely commercial, based on arms-length negotiations; (iii) any duties and obligations that the Initial 25 Purchasers may have to the Issuer, PHH or VMS shall be limited to those duties and obligations specifically stated herein; and (iv) the Initial Purchasers and their respective affiliates may have interests that differ from those of the Issuer, PHH and VMS. The Issuer, PHH and VMS hereby waive any claims that the Issuer, PHH or VMS may have against the Initial Purchasers with respect to any breach of fiduciary duty in connection with the offering of the Securities. __clusterTitleType__17 
 It is the intent that payments under this Agreement are exempt from Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), and that the Agreement be administered and interpreted accordingly. To the extent necessary to give effect to this intent, in the case of any conflict or potential inconsistency between the provisions of the Plan and this Section 7 of the Agreement, the provisions of Section 7 of this Agreement shall govern. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if and to the extent that any payment or benefit under this Agreement is determined by your Employer to constitute non-qualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code (Section -3- 409A) and is payable to you by reason of your termination of employment, then (a) such payment or benefit shall be made or provided to you only upon a separation from service as defined for purposes of Section 409A under applicable regulations and (b) if you are a specified employee (within the meaning of Section 409A and as determined by your Employer), such payment or benefit shall not be made or provided before the date that is six months after the date of your separation from service (or your earlier death). Any amount not paid in respect of the six month period specified in the preceding sentence will be paid to you in a lump sum after the expiration of such six month period. Any such payment or benefit shall be treated as a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A to the extent Section 409A applies to such payments. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Lyles will not make any comments to the employees, vendors, customers, suppliers of the Company or to the press or to others with the intent to 4 impugn, castigate or otherwise damage the reputation of the Company or any of the owners, directors, officers, or employees of the Company. The present officers, members of the Company will not make any comments to the employees, vendors, customers, suppliers of the Company or to the press or to others with the intent to impugn, castigate or otherwise damage the reputation of Lyles. __clusterTitleType__17 
 For purposes of this Agreement: (a) affiliate means any entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Company, and control means the power to exercise a controlling influence over the management or policies of an entity, unless such power is solely the result of an official position with such entity; and (b) subsidiary means any corporation or other entity in which the Company has a direct or indirect ownership interest of 50% or more of the total combined voting power of the then outstanding securities or interests of such corporation or other entity entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (or similar governing body of a non-corporate entity) or in which the Company has the right to receive 50% or more of the distribution of profits or 50% or more of the assets on liquidation or dissolution 13 __clusterTitleType__17 
 24 __clusterTitleType__17 
 __clusterTitleType__17 
 At the request of Willis US, Indemnitee has agreed to serve as a director, secretary, officer or executive of the Company. Indemnitee may at any time and for any reason resign from such position (subject to any other contractual obligation or any obligation imposed by operation of law), in which event the Company shall have no obligation under this Agreement to continue Indemnitee in such position. This Agreement shall not be deemed an employment contract between the Company or Willis US (or any of their subsidiaries or any Enterprise) and Indemnitee. The foregoing notwithstanding, this Agreement shall continue in force after Indemnitee has ceased to serve in such capacity of the Company, subject to and in accordance with Section 16. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Green House has not entered into any contract with any person, firm or other entity that would obligate Green House or Custom Q to pay any commission, brokerage or finders fee in connection with the transactions contemplated herein. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Each Award or each agreement setting forth an Award shall contain such other terms and conditions not inconsistent herewith as shall be approved by the Board, or the Committee if one has been appointed. __clusterTitleType__17 
 (a) Annual Bonus. You will be eligible to earn a bonus of up to fifty percent (50%) of your Base Salary, based upon the achievement of Company and individual goals that will be determined by the Companys Board of Directors. The bonus, if any, will be determined and paid on an annual basis at the sole discretion of the Board of Directors, at the time and manner to be determined by the Board of Directors. You must be employed on the date that your bonus, if any, is to be paid in order to earn and be eligible to receive the bonus. (b) Signing Bonus. On March 1, 2010, following commencement of your employment with the Company, you shall be paid a bonus in the amount of at least $115,000, less deductions as required by law. Such bonus shall be increased by up to $50,000 in the event your current employer determines that you must reimburse them for all or a portion of the relocation cost that they incurred upon your joining that company. The Company shall reimburse such payment by you to your former employer for up to $50,000. In the event you have no such reimbursement obligation to your former employer, or your reimbursement amount is less than $15,000, then the Company shall pay such lower reimbursement amount plus an amount to cause the signing bonus plus reimbursement amount hereunder to be increased by an additional $15,000. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Employer agrees to employ the Executive and the Executive agrees to be employed by the Employer on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__13 
 Consultant will not unreasonably withhold such approval and agrees to respond to such requests for approval within two (2) business days. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement is made effective by Consultant and the Company on the date set first forth above. COMPANY: CONSULTANT: Xsunx, Inc., Orion Business Services, LLC a Colorado corporation By: By: Tom M. Djokovich, as CEO Jeff Huitt, as Member 9 EXIBIT A The contract CFO is responsible for the finance and accounting operations of an organization, including financial reporting, and compliance with accepted finance and accounting standards and regulatory requirements. The possible duties of the contract CFO may include: Participating in the organization's strategic business and financial planning processes Setting financial goals in support of business operations and strategic directions Planning and managing the finances of the entire organization Managing securities and cash portfolios, other liquid assets, and debt Assisting in obtaining financing for major initiatives or acquisitions Providing financial due-diligence for any merger and acquisition activities Managing business and financial operations Researching and staying abreast of the latest regulatory trends Researching and staying abreast of the latest financial accounting reporting trends Monitoring financial processes, policies, systems and personnel Assuring compliance with accepted financial accounting standards Assuring compliance with the recently enacted Sarbanes-Oxley legislation and other SEC regulations, in public companies Reporting on the financial well-being of their organization to the CEO, board of directors, stock holders, and regulatory bodies such as the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) 10 __clusterTitleType__17 
 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Company shall advance all Expenses incurred by or on behalf of Indemnitee in connection with any Proceeding by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status within thirty (30) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements from Indemnitee requesting such advance or advances from time to time, whether prior to or after final disposition of such Proceeding. Such statement or statements shall reasonably evidence the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee and shall include or be preceded or accompanied by a written undertaking by or on behalf of Indemnitee to repay any Expenses advanced if it shall ultimately be determined that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified against such Expenses. Any advances and undertakings to repay pursuant to this Section 5 shall be unsecured and interest free. __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Agreement shall be effective for the term of five (5) years, beginning the first day of December, 2009, and expiring on the last day of November, 2014 Unless validly terminated or non renewed as provided for in the Petroleum Marketing Practices Act, this Agreement shall automatically renew for successive three (3) year periods. Marketer shall have the right to terminate or non-renew this Agreement after the Initial Term by providing CITGO with ninety (90) days written notice prior to termination. __clusterTitleType__18 
 Except as expressly required by the securities laws of the United States of America, neither party shall disclose any payments under this Agreement unless prior approval of the other party is obtained. If any payment information must be disclosed, the Company shall afford the Indemnitee an opportunity to review all such disclosures and, if requested, to explain in such statement any mitigating circumstances regarding the events to be reported. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Notwithstanding any of the representations, warranties, acknowledgments or agreements made in this Agreement bythe Investor, the Investor does not thereby or in any other manner waive any rights granted to the Investor under federal and state securities law. __clusterTitleType__8 
  The Company will pay or reimburse you for COBRA premiums for that coverage less active employee contributions through July 31, 2010. __clusterTitleType__17 
  Orwell and Marketing agree that Marketing shall become the Asset Manager of Orwell for gas sales and GTS service related to Orwells Service Agreement #37962 with Columbia. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Nothing in this Agreement, whether express or implied, is intended to confer any rights or remedies under or by reason of this Agreement on any persons other than the parties to it and their respective successors and assigns, nor is anything in this Agreement intended to relieve or discharge the obligation or liability of any third persons to any party to this Contract, nor shall any provision give any third person any right of subrogation or action over against any party to this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Board of Directors or the Committee may discontinue the Plan at any time and from time to time may amend or revise the terms of the Plan or any Award Agreement, as permitted by applicable law, except that it may not (a) make any amendment or revision in a manner unfavorable to a Participant (other than if immaterial), without the consent of the Participant or (b) make any amendment or revision without the approval of the stockholders of the Company if such approval is required by the rules of an exchange on which Shares are traded. Consent of the Participant shall not be required solely pursuant to the previous sentence in respect of any adjustment made pursuant to Section 5.2 except to the extent the terms of an Award Agreement expressly refer to an Adjustment Event, in which case such terms shall not be amended in a manner unfavorable to a Participant (other than if immaterial) without such Participants consent. __clusterTitleType__17 
  (a) Termination; General The Representatives may terminate this Agreement, by notice to the Company, at any time at or prior to Closing Time (i) if there has been, since the time of execution of this Agreement or since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Prospectus or General Disclosure Package, any material adverse change in the condition, financial or otherwise, or in the earnings, business affairs or business prospects of the Company and its subsidiaries considered as one enterprise, whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business, or (ii) if there has occurred any material adverse change in the financial markets in the United States or the international financial markets, any outbreak of hostilities or escalation thereof or other calamity or crisis or any change or development involving a prospective change in national or international political, financial or economic conditions, in each case the effect of which is such as to make it, in the judgment of the Representatives, impracticable or inadvisable to market the Securities or to enforce contracts for the sale of the Securities, or (iii) if trading in any securities of the Company has been suspended or materially limited by the Commission or the New York Stock Exchange, or if trading generally on the American Stock Exchange or the New York Stock Exchange or in the Nasdaq Global Market has been suspended or materially limited, or minimum or maximum prices for trading have been fixed, or maximum ranges for prices have been required, by any of said exchanges or by such system or by order of the Commission, the FINRA or any other governmental authority, or (iv) a material disruption has occurred in commercial banking or securities settlement or clearance services in the United States, or (v) if a banking moratorium has been declared by either Federal or New York authorities. 29 (b) Liabilities If this Agreement is terminated pursuant to this Section, such termination shall be without liability of any party to any other party except as provided in Section 4 hereof, and provided further that Sections 1, 6, 7 and 8 shall survive such termination and remain in full force and effect. __clusterTitleType__5 
 In the case of Holders of Subscription Rights that are held of record through The Depository Trust Company (the DTC), exercises of the Basic Subscription Right and the Over-Subscription Right may be effected by instructing the DTC to transfer Subscription Rights (such Subscription Rights, the DTC Rights) from the DTC account of such Holder to the DTC account of the Subscription Agent, together with payment of the Subscription Price for each underlying Unit subscribed for pursuant to the Basic Subscription Right and the Over-Subscription Right. 3 __clusterTitleType__17 
  The Company and each of the Historic Partners acknowledges and agrees that (a) the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement, including the determination of the public offering price of the Securities and any related discounts and commissions, is an arms-length commercial transaction between the Company, on the one hand, and the several Underwriters, on the other hand, (b) in connection with the offering contemplated hereby and the process leading to such transaction each Underwriter is and has been acting solely as a principal and is not the agent or fiduciary of the Company or the Historic Partners, or each of their respective stockholders, creditors, employees or any other party, (c) no Underwriter has assumed or will assume an advisory or fiduciary responsibility in favor of the Company or any Historic Partner with respect to the offering contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether such Underwriter has advised or is currently advising the Company on other matters) and no Underwriter has any obligation to the Company with respect to the offering contemplated hereby except the obligations expressly set forth in this Agreement, (d) the Underwriters and their respective affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of each of the Company, and (e) the Underwriters have not provided any legal, accounting, regulatory or tax advice with respect to the offering contemplated hereby and the Company has consulted its own respective legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it deemed appropriate. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Purchaser shall not assign this agreement without the prior written consent of Seller in each instance. __clusterTitleType__22 
 (a) Willis US expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement and assumed the obligations imposed on it hereby in order to induce Indemnitee to serve as a director, secretary, officer or executive of the Company, and Willis US acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying upon this Agreement in serving as a director, secretary, officer or executive of the Company. (b) This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral, written and implied, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof; provided, however, that this Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of any obligations of Willis Group Holdings Limited, the Articles, applicable law, agreements or deeds with the Company or any other Enterprise and any applicable insurance maintained for the benefit of Indemnitee, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder. In the event of a conflict between this Agreement and any agreement or deed between the Company and Indemnitee, the agreement or deed (or provision thereof), as applicable, granting Indemnitee the greatest legally enforceable rights shall prevail. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Optionee shall not have any of the rights of a shareholder with respect to any Shares until Optionee exercises the Option and pays the Exercise Price, Shares are issued and delivered to Optionee, and Optionee is shown as a shareholder of record on the books and records of the Company. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Each Shareholder shall notify Parent of any development occurring after the date hereof that causes, or that would reasonably be expected to cause, any breach of any of the representations and warranties of such Shareholder set forth in Article II. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The holder of an Award shall not have any of the rights of a shareholder with respect to the Shares subject to purchase or receipt under the Award, except that (a) an Award holders rights with respect to a Restricted Stock Award shall be as prescribed in Section 8.2 and (b) shareholder rights with respect to any other Award shall arise at the time and to the extent that one or more certificates for such Shares shall be delivered to the holder upon the due exercise or grant of the Award. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Green House has no commitment or present intention to liquidate Green House or sell or otherwise dispose of a material portion of its business or assets following the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Director shall not be required to hold any shares in the Company by way of qualification . A Director who is not a member of the Company shall nevertheless be entitled to receive notice of and to attend and speak at general meetings of the Company and all classes of shares of the Company. DIRECTORS FEES AND EXPENSES __clusterTitleType__17 
 1 3.1Upon consummation of the Exchange and the Financing, and after taking into account (a) the cancelation (the Cancelation) of 142,110,816 shares of restricted Common Stock presently outstanding and held by the principal shareholder of Cascade (which such Cancelation shall be deemed to include any shares of Common Stock that may be issued in respect of such 142,110,816 shares on account of the Split (as hereafter defined), (b) a 3. 64-for-one stock split or a 2.64 share dividend per share (as applicable, the Split) to be implemented by Cascade, (c) the issuance by Cascade to Optical of the 10,000,000 shares of Common Stock (the Common Issuance), (d) the issuance by Cascade to Optical of the 10,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred (the Series A Issuance), and (e) the issuance by Cascade of the not less than 2,000,000 shares of Series B Preferred (the Series B Exchange) contemplated in the Financing, the Capitalization of Cascade shall be as set forth in Schedule B hereto. Unless the context otherwise requires, all computations in this memorandum of agreement assume and give effect to the Exchange, the Financing, the Cancelation, the Split, the Common Issuance, the Series A Issuance, and the Series B Exchange. __clusterTitleType__17 
  Secured Party has been appointed to act as Secured Party hereunder by Lenders. Secured Party shall be obligated, and shall have the right hereunder, to make demands, to give notices, to exercise or refrain from exercising any rights, and to take or refrain from taking any action (including, without limitation, the release or substitution of Collateral), solely in accordance with this Agreement and the Credit Agreement; provided that Secured Party shall exercise, or refrain from exercising, any remedies provided for in Sections 14 and 15 hereof in accordance with the instructions of the Lenders. 16 __clusterTitleType__17 
 The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement, the parties agree that this Agreement does not constitute a waiver of any rights or claims that may truly occur and arise after the date on which the Employee executes this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__8 
 __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Executive hereby agrees that any and all (i) software, object code, source code, and documentation, (ii) any improvements, inventions, discoveries, formulae, processes, methods, know-how, confidential data, patents, trade secrets, (iii) Food and Drug Administrative ("FDA") applications seeking approval by the FDA, information contained in the Forms 510-k of the FDA and approvals from FDA, and (iv) other proprietary information made, developed or created by the Executive (whether at the request or suggestion of the Company or otherwise, whether alone or in conjunction with others, and whether during regular working hours of work or otherwise) during the period of his employment with the Company, which may be directly or indirectly useful in, or relate to, the business being carried out by the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, shall be promptly and fully disclosed by the Executive to the Board of Directors and shall be the Company's exclusive property as against the Executive, and the Executive shall promptly deliver to the Board of Directors of the Company all papers, drawings, models, data and other material relating to any invention made, developed or created by him as aforesaid. The Executive shall, upon the Company's request and without any payment therefor, execute any documents necessary or advisable in the opinion of the Company's counsel to direct issuance of patents, copyrights and FDA applications or approvals of the Company with respect to such inventions or work product or improvements or enhancements as are to be the Company's exclusive property as against the Executive under this Paragraph 7 or to vest in the Company title to such inventions as against the Executive, the expense of securing any such patent or copyright, to be borne by the Company. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Ireland hereby assumes and adopts , for the time being , the form of Agreement adopted by TBS International Limited for the issuance of Awards on and after January 7 , 2010 , with such amendments and modifications thereto as may be necessary or appropriate to effectuate and reflect the assumption by TBS Ireland of the Plan and the form of Agreement and the rights and obligations of TBS International Limited thereunder . This Deed Poll may be executed in any number of counterparts each of which when executed and delivered shall be an original, but all the counterparts together shall constitute one and the same instrument. This Deed Poll shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Ireland. IN WITNESS WHEREOF this Deed Poll has been executed by TBS Ireland on the date first above written. GIVEN under the common seal of TBS INTERNATIONAL PUBLIC LIMITED COMPANY /s/ Joseph E. Royce Director: Joseph E. Royce /s/ Gregg L. McNelis Director: Gregg L. McNelis __clusterTitleType__17 
 Nothing in this Supplemental Indenture, the Indenture or the Notes, express or implied, shall give to any Person, other than the parties hereto and thereto and their successors hereunder and thereunder and the Holders, any benefit or any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under this Supplemental Indenture, the Indenture or the Notes. __clusterTitleType__17 
 __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Revolving Note referred to in the Loan Documents shall be the Revolving Note as amended hereby. All references in this Modification to the Revolving Note shall be deemed to include the Revolving Note as amended herein. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The execution of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not result in the breach of any term or provision of, or constitute an event of default under, any material indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, or other material contract, agreement, or instrument to which Green House is a party or to which any of its properties or operations are subject. __clusterTitleType__17 
 In consideration of Lenders agreements herein, Borrower and PCM hereby agree to jointly and severally indemnify, defend and hold Lender and Lenders Affiliates harmless from and against any and all losses, damages, costs, claims, expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees) and liabilities to third parties growing out of or resulting from any real, personal, or intangible property owned or serviced by Borrower or PCM or which was ever an Asset under the Loan Agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Agreement is not an employment or service contract, and nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to create in any way whatsoever any obligation on your part to continue in the service of the Company or Subsidiary as an employee for any period of time. In addition, nothing in this Agreement shall obligate the Company or a Subsidiary to continue your employment for any period of time. 2 __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Agreement may not be modified, altered or amended in any manner except by an amendment in writing, duly executed by the parties hereto. __clusterTitleType__17 
  Neither this Stock Unit Award nor any Stock Units covered hereby may be sold, assigned, transferred, encumbered, hypothecated or pledged by the Participant, other than to Disney as a result of forfeiture of the units as provided herein and as provided in Section 6 of the Plan. The Stock Units constitute Restricted Units as defined in Section 2.2 of the Plan. __clusterTitleType__17 
 (a)Settlement Date. Performance Shares granted hereunder that have become earned and vested, together with Performance Shares credited as a result of Dividend Equivalents with respect thereto, shall be settled by delivery of one share of Stock for each Performance Share being settled. Settlement of a vested Performance Share granted hereunder shall occur at the Earning Date (with shares to be delivered within 60 days after the Earning Date); provided, however, that settlement shall occur earlier (i) within 60 days after the date of death of Employee, or (ii) within 60 days after a Change in Control; and provided further, that settlement shall be deferred if so elected by Employee in accordance with Section 6(b) hereof subject to Section 6(c) hereof. Settlement of Performance Shares which directly or indirectly result from Dividend Equivalents on Performance Shares granted hereunder shall occur at the time of settlement of the related Performance Share. (b)Elective Deferral. The Committee may determine to permit Employee to elect to defer settlement (or redefer) if such election would be permissible under Section 11(k) of the Plan and Code Section 409A. In addition to any applicable requirements under Code Section 409A, any such deferral election shall be made only while Employee remains employed and at a time permitted under Code Section 409A. The form under which an election is made shall set forth the time and form of payment of such amount deferred. Any amount deferred shall be subject to a 6 month delay upon payment if required under Section 11(k)(i)(F) of the Plan. Any elective deferral will be subject to such additional terms and conditions as the Vice President  Corporate Services, or the officer designated by the Company as responsible for administration of the Agreement, may reasonably impose. (c)Compliance with Code Section 409A. Other provisions of this Agreement notwithstanding, if Performance Shares constitute a deferral of compensation under Section 409A of the Code (Code Section 409A) as presently in effect or hereafter amended (i.e., the Performance Shares are not excluded or exempted under Code Section 409A or a regulation or other official governmental guidance thereunder; Note: an elective deferral under Section 6(b) would cause the Performance Shares to be a deferral of compensation subject to Code Section 409A after the deferral), such Performance Shares shall be subject to the additional requirements set forth in Section 11(k) of the Plan. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Time shall be of the essence in all things pertaining to the performance of this Agreement unless waived in writing by the undersigned parties. __clusterTitleType__17 
 (a) Notwithstanding any limitation in Sections 3, 4, or 5, Willis US shall indemnify Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by law if Indemnitee is a party to or is threatened to be made a party to any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company or Willis US to procure a judgment in its favor) against all Expenses, judgments, fines, liabilities, losses, damages and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the Proceeding. (b) For purposes of Section 7(a), the meaning of the phrase to the fullest extent permitted by law shall include, but not be limited to: 3 (i) to the fullest extent permitted by the provisions of Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL) that authorize, permit or contemplate additional indemnification by agreement, court action or the corresponding provision of any amendment to or replacement of the DGCL or such provisions thereof; (ii) to the fullest extent permitted by the provisions of the Articles that authorize, permit or contemplate additional indemnification by agreement, court action or the corresponding provision of any amendment to or replacement of the Articles or such provisions thereof; (iii) to the fullest extent permitted by the provisions of Irish law that authorize, permit or contemplate additional indemnification by agreement, court action or the corresponding provision of any amendment to or replacement of Irish law or such provisions thereof; and (iv) to the fullest extent authorized or permitted by any amendments to or replacements of the DGCL or Irish law (or such successor law), Articles or agreement or court action adopted, entered into or that are adjudicated after the date of this Agreement that increase the extent to which a company may indemnify its directors, secretaries, officers and executives. __clusterTitleType__25 
 Commencing with the Separation Date and continuing for a period of 12 months thereafter, you will be a consultant to Holdings and Generac. During this period, you will spend up to one week a month working with Generac on activities mutually agreed upon by the Board, Aaron Jagdfeld, and you. You will remain a member of the board of directors of Generac, Holdings and Generac Acquisition Corp.; it being understood that the shareholders of Holdings have the right to elect and appoint directors. This consulting arrangement may by renewed by mutual agreement on an annual basis after the expiration of the initial consulting term referred to above. During such time as you are a consultant to the Company, you shall not be entitled to additional compensation for your service in any capacity to Holdings or Generac or any of their subsidiaries, or as a director of any such entities. __clusterTitleType__17 
  All notices, requests, demands and other communications required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given and made if (i) delivered by hand, (ii) otherwise delivered against receipt therefor, (iii) sent by a recognized courier with next-day or second-day delivery to the last known address of the other party; or (iv) sent by e-mail with confirmation of receipt. __clusterTitleType__4 
 If any provision of this Agreement shall be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality or enforce ability of the other provisions hereof shall not be affected thereby, and there shall be deemed substituted for the provision at issue a valid, legal and enforceable provision as similar as possible to the provision at issue. __clusterTitleType__14 
 Guarantors obligations under this Guaranty shall remain in full force and effect until Final Payment has occurred. If at any time any payment (or part thereof) of any of the Obligations is rescinded or must be otherwise restored or returned upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of the Borrower or otherwise, the Guarantors obligations under this Guaranty with respect to such payment shall be reinstated at such time as though such payment had become due but had not been made at such time. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Trustee shall preserve in as current a form as is reasonably practicable the most recent list available to it of the names and addresses of Securityholders of each Series of Securities. If the Trustee is not the Registrar, the Company shall furnish to the Trustee as of each regular record date for the payment of interest on the Securities of a Series and before each related Interest Payment Date, and at such other times as the Trustee may request in writing, a list in such form and as of such date as the Trustee may reasonably require of the names and addresses of Securityholders of each Series of Securities. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Upon the payment of any Stock Units, SunTrusts obligation to deliver cash to settle the Stock Units shall be subject to the satisfaction of applicable tax withholding requirements, including federal, state, and local requirements. The Grantee must pay to SunTrust any applicable federal, state or local withholding tax due as a result of such payment. Where Grantee has not previously satisfied all applicable withholding tax obligations, SunTrust will, at the time the tax withholding obligation arises in connection herewith, retain an amount sufficient to satisfy the minimum amount of taxes then required to be withheld by the Company in connection therewith from any amounts then payable hereunder to Grantee. If any withholding is required prior to the time amounts are payable to Grantee hereunder, the withholding will be taken from other compensation then payable to Grantee or as otherwise determined by SunTrust. __clusterTitleType__2 
  The Stock Units granted pursuant to this Award, whether or not vested, will not confer any voting rights upon the Participant, unless and until the Award is paid in Shares. __clusterTitleType__13 
 Director may hold any other office or place of profit under the Company ( other than the office of auditor ) in conjunction with his office of Director for such period and on such terms ( as to remuneration and otherwise ) as the Directors may determine and no Director or intending Director shall be disqualified by his office from contracting with the Company either with regard to his tenure of any such other office or place of profit or as vendor , purchaser or otherwise , nor shall any such contract or arrangement entered into by or on behalf of the Company in which any Director is in any way interested , be liable to be avoided , nor shall any Director so contracting or being so interested be liable to account to the Company for any profit realised by any such contract or arrangement by reason of such Director holding that office or of the fiduciary relation thereby established . A Director, notwithstanding his interest, may be counted in the quorum present at any meeting whereat he or any other Director is appointed to hold any such office or place of profit under the Company or whereat the terms of any such appointment are arranged and he may vote on any such appointment or arrangement. __clusterTitleType__17 
  The contact information for the Holder of this Note is set forth in Schedule I attached hereto. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Company agrees that, if the Executive's employment with the Company terminates during the Term, the Executive is not required to seek other employment or to attempt in any way to reduce any amounts payable to the Executive by the Company pursuant to Section 6 hereof or any other provision of this Agreement. Further, the amount of any payment or benefit provided for in this Agreement shall not be reduced (a) by any compensation earned by the Executive as the result of employment by another employer, (b) by retirement benefits, (c) by offset against any amount claimed to be owed by the Executive to the Company, or (d) otherwise. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Indemnitee agrees promptly to notify the Company in writing upon being served with or otherwise receiving any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating to any Proceeding or matter which may be subject to indemnification covered hereunder. The failure to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company of any obligation which it may have to Indemnitee under this Agreement or otherwise. __clusterTitleType__17 
 In the event of changes in all of the outstanding Shares by reason of stock dividends, stock splits, reclassifications, recapitalizations, mergers, consolidations, combinations, or exchanges of shares, separations, reorganizations or liquidations, or similar events, or in the event of extraordinary cash or non-cash dividends being declared with respect to the Shares, or similar transactions or events, the number and class of Shares available under the Plan in the aggregate, the number and class of Shares subject to Awards theretofore granted, applicable purchase prices and all other applicable provisions, shall, subject to the provisions of the Plan, be equitably adjusted by the Board, or the Committee if one has been appointed (which adjustment may, but need not, include payment to the holder of an Option, in cash or in shares, in an amount equal to the difference between the price at which such Option may be exercised and the then current fair market value of the Shares subject to such Option as equitably determined by the Board or the Committee, as the case may be). The foregoing adjustment and the manner of application of the foregoing provisions shall be determined by the Board, or the Committee if one has been appointed, in its sole discretion; provided, however, that to extent applicable, any adjustment to an Incentive Stock Option shall be made in a manner consistent with Section 424 of the Code. Any such adjustment may provide for the elimination of any fractional share which might otherwise become subject to an Award. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Loan proceeds shall be used for the business purpose of payment in full of amounts due under the CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of January 4, 2008 between DOCUMENT SECURITY SYSTEMS, INC. as Borrower, and PATRICK WHITE as Lender. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Each Stockholder hereby agrees that, from and after the date hereof until the termination of this Agreement, at any duly called meeting of the stockholders of the Company, such Stockholder shall appear at the meeting and any adjournment or postponement thereof, in person or by proxy, or otherwise cause the Voting Shares over which such Stockholder has sole voting power (and use its best efforts to cause the Voting Shares over which such Stockholder has joint voting power) to be counted as present thereat for purposes of establishing a quorum, and such Stockholder shall vote or consent the Voting Shares over which such Stockholder has sole voting power (and cause to be voted or consented the Voting Shares over which such Stockholder has joint voting power), in person or by proxy, (a) in favor of the election of directors as set forth in Section 2 below (collectively, the Election of Directors), (b) in favor of any proposal to adjourn any such meeting if necessary to permit further solicitation of proxies in the event there are not sufficient votes at the time of such meeting to approve the Election of Directors, (c) against any action or agreement submitted for approval of the manner inconsistent with clauses (a), or (b) of this Section 1 or that would result in a breach of any covenant, representation or warranty or any other obligation or agreement of the Company under the Conversion Agreement or of such Stockholder under this Agreement and (d) except as otherwise agreed in writing by all Stockholders, against any action, agreement, transaction or proposal submitted for approval of the stockholders of the Company that would reasonably be expected to result in the Election of Directors not being effected or any of the conditions to the Companys obligations under the Conversion Agreement not being fulfilled or that is intended, or would reasonably be expected, to prevent, impede, interfere with, delay or adversely affect the Election of Directors or the transactions contemplated by the Conversion Agreement and the Warrant Amendment. To the extent permitted by applicable law, any vote by such Stockholder that is not in accordance with this Section 1 shall be considered null and void. Such Stockholder shall not enter into any agreement or understanding with any person or entity prior to the termination of this Agreement to vote or give instructions inconsistent with the Election of Directors or clauses (a), (b), (c) or (d) of this Section 1. __clusterTitleType__17 
  All references in the Credit Agreement to this Agreement shall be deemed to refer to the Credit Agreement as amended hereby, and any and all references in any other Loan Document to the Credit Agreement shall be deemed to refer to the Credit Agreement as amended hereby. __clusterTitleType__17 
 person becoming entitled to a share by reason of the death or bankruptcy of the holder shall be entitled to the same dividends and other advantages to which he would be entitled if he were the registered holder of the share , except that he shall not , before being registered as a Member in respect of the share , be entitled in respect of it to exercise any right conferred by membership in relation to meetings of the Company , provided however , that the Directors may at any time give notice requiring any such person to elect either to be registered himself or to transfer the share , and if the notice is not complied with within 90 calendar days , the Directors may thereafter withhold payment of all dividends , bonuses or other monies payable in respect of the share until the requirements of the notice have been complied with . ALTERATION OF CAPITAL __clusterTitleType__17 
  (a)As compensation for services rendered by the Executive during the Term, the Executive shall be paid an annualized salary (the "Salary") according to the following schedule:  From January 1, 2010 through December 31, 2010, his Salary will be equal to his 2009 base salary of $295,750; From January 1, 2011 through December 31, 2011, his Salary will be 69% of his 2009 base salary, or $203,931; From January 1, 2012 through December 31, 2012, his Salary will be 51.7% of his 2009 base salary or $152,948. From January 1, 2013 through December 31, 2014, his Salary will be $100 per year. Executive shall not be entitled to any additional pay for overtime hours. The Salary shall be paid to the Executive in accordance with Emerituss general policies and procedures, but no less than once per month. Except as specifically set forth herein, the Salary includes any and all payments to which the Executive is entitled from Emeritus hereunder and under any applicable law, regulation or agreement. Unless modified by mutual agreement in the manner set forth herein, Executive will be deemed to have resigned as of December 31, 2014, and will no longer be an employee as of that date. (b)Emeritus will deduct from Executive's Salary and any other amounts payable to Executive under this Agreement all applicable taxes, charges or other withholdings required by applicable law in any applicable territory, or otherwise  properly authorized by Executive. (c)Executive shall be paid the incentive compensation to which he is entitled under applicable Emeritus Plans in respect of services performed in 2009.  (d)If Executive is compensated for his services as an employee, consultant, and/or independent contractor by CPM Group, Inc.  and/or affiliates prior to December 31, 2012, Executives Salary shall be reduced by fifty percent (50%) of the amount of that compensation but shall not be less than zero. Executive acknowledges an affirmative obligation on his part to notify Emeritus and the Board immediately upon receiving any compensation that may be subject to this paragraph. __clusterTitleType__30 
 Further Assurances. At Borrowers expense, the parties hereto shall execute and deliver such additional documents and take such further action as may be necessary or desirable to effectuate the provisions and purposes of this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
  __clusterTitleType__17 
 Seller's obligation to sell and transfer the Acquired Assets to Purchaser and to take the other actions required to be taken by Seller at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or prior to the Closing, of each of the following conditions (any of which may be waived by Seller, in whole or in part, in writing): 7.1 Accuracy of Representations The representations and warranties set forth in Section 4 and 5 shall be accurate in all material respects as of the Closing Date provided, however, that, for purposes of this Section 7.1, any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties of Purchaser and Dutch Gold, as the case may be, will be disregarded unless all such inaccuracies, considered collectively, have a material adverse effect on the business, assets (tangible or intangible), liabilities or operations of the Purchaser. 7.2 Performance of Covenants Purchaser shall have performed, in all material respects, all covenants required by this Agreement to be performed by Purchaser on or before the Closing Date. 7.3 Additional Documents (a) A certificate, executed by an executive officer of each the Purchaser and Dutch Gold, confirming that, to the actual knowledge of such executive officer, the conditions set forth in Sections 7.1 and 7.2 have been satisfied; and (b) such good standing certificates and other similar documents as Seller may reasonably request to ensure that the actions required to be taken by Purchaser at the Closing have been properly authorized. 7.4 No Restraints No injunction or other order preventing the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall have been issued since the date of this Agreement by any court of competent jurisdiction and shall remain in effect; and no Legal Requirement that makes consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement illegal shall have been enacted or adopted since the date of this Agreement and shall remain in effect. 11 __clusterTitleType__17 
 Green House has provided, or will provide Custom Q, copies of all material contracts, agreements, franchises, license agreements, or other commitments to which Green House is a party or by which it or any of its assets, products, technology, or properties are bound. __clusterTitleType__17 
 If any legal action or any arbitration or other proceeding is brought for the enforcement of this Agreement, or because of an alleged dispute, breach, default or misrepresentation in connection with any of the provisions of this Agreement, the successful or prevailing party or parties shall be entitled to recover as an element of their damages, reasonable attorneys' fees and other costs incurred in that action or proceeding, in addition to any other relief to which they may be entitled. 7 __clusterTitleType__17 
 So long as any Registrable Securities are outstanding, the Company shall use its reasonable efforts to maintain the approval of the Registrable Securities for listing on the New York Stock Exchange or such other exchange or trading market as the Common Stock is then listed. __clusterTitleType__17 
  The Term of this Agreement shall commence on the Commencement Date and shall continue for a period of one hundred twenty (120) days thereafter. Such term shall automatically extend for successive thirty (30) day periods , provided however, that any time, either party can cancel this Agreement in writing upon no less than thirty (30) day notice to the other party. -1- __clusterTitleType__18 
 In the event that any provision in this Agreement shall be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be severable from, and such invalidity or unenforceability shall not be construed to have any effect on, the remaining provisions of this Agreement. This Agreement shall be construed as to its fair meaning and not for or against either party. __clusterTitleType__14 
 Each Shareholder agrees to comply with the obligations imposed on the Companys Representatives pursuant to Section 5.3 of the Merger Agreement as if a party thereto. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Mutual Waiver of Jury Trial. THE PARTIES HERETO WAIVE ALL RIGHTS TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT TO RESOLVE ANY DISPUTE, WHETHER ARISING IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE BETWEEN AGENT OR ANY LENDER AND ANY BORROWER ARISING OUT OF, CONNECTED WITH, RELATED OR INCIDENTAL TO THE RELATIONSHIP ESTABLISHED BETWEEN THEM IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE LOAN AGREEMENT OR THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATED THERETO. __clusterTitleType__17 
 __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Transfer Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together shall constitute on and the same instrument. [The remainder of this page was intentionally left blank.] 3 AGREEMENT REGARDING LOAN SIGNATURE PAGE IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Transfer Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above. BORROWER: PCM: MATTERHORN FINANCIAL SERVICES LLC, a California limited liability company, by Performance Capital Management, LLC, a California limited liability company, its Sole Member By:/s/ David J. Caldwell Name: David Caldwell Its: Chief Operating Officer PERFORMANCE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC, a California limited liability company By:/s/ David J. Caldwell Name: David Caldwell Its: Chief Operating Officer LENDER: VRDE INVESTMENT PARTNERS, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, by Vrde Investment Partners G.P., LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its General Partner, by Vrde Partners, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, its Managing Member, by Vrde Partners, Inc., a Delaware corporation, its General Partner By:/s/ Christopher N. Giles Name:Christopher N. Giles Its: Vice President 4 __clusterTitleType__10 
 R Squareds authorized capitalization consists of One Million (1,000,000) shares of stock, Eight Hundred Thousand (800,000) of which are issued and outstanding as of Closing. All issued and outstanding shares are legally issued, fully paid, and non-assessable and not issued in violation of the pre-emptive or other rights of any person. __clusterTitleType__17 
 By acceptance of this Agreement, you shall be considered in agreement that all cash received upon each exercise of the Rights shall be considered special incentive compensation and will be exempt from inclusion as wages or salary in pension, retirement, life insurance and other employee benefits arrangements of your Employer, except as determined otherwise by your Employer. In addition, each of your beneficiaries shall be deemed to be in agreement that all such cash be exempt from inclusion in wages or salary for purposes of calculating benefits of any life insurance coverage sponsored by your Employer. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Either party may terminate this Agreement upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to the other party. Agency agrees to return all Accounts including accounts who have made payment plan arrangements to Debt Owner along with a financial record of the Accounts including amount collected, commission retained, additional fees, interest and charges added to the Account as authorized by Debt Owner, current address and phone number, current status code and what the status code means. __clusterTitleType__5 
 14.1 The Term of this Agreement shall commence on the Commencement Date and shall expire upon the expiration of the duration of the Company (the "Term"), unless terminated earlier as provided in Clause 14.2 below. 14.2 This Agreement may terminate earlier than upon the expiration of the duration of the Company by the first to occur of: a) An agreement between all the Parties to terminate this Agreement; b) Upon ninety (90) days written notice, before the expiration of the period specified for the Company, of one Party to the other Party expressing his willingness to dissolve the Company, in compliance with clause 3.4; and/or c) Termination and liquidation of the Company as per the Memorandum of Association. d) Upon five (5) days written notice of one Party to the other of a breach of any term of this Agreement that is not cured within the five (5) day notice period. 15 Liabilities of Shareholders 15.1 The Shareholders shall have no liability with respect to liabilities and obligations of the Company. 15.2 Each Shareholders shall remain liable to the other related to any breach of this Agreement, including, without limiting the foregoing, any breach of Clause 7. __clusterTitleType__18 
  The Company covenants that, if at any time before the end of the Effectiveness Period the Company is not subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, it will cooperate with any Holder of Registrable Securities and take such further reasonable action as any Holder of Registrable Securities may reasonably request in writing (including, without limitation, making such reasonable representations as any such Holder may reasonably request), all to the extent required from time to time to enable such Holder to sell Registrable Securities without registration under the Securities Act within the limitations of Rule 144 under the Securities Act and customarily taken in connection with sales pursuant to such exemptions. Upon the written request of any Holder of Registrable Securities, the Company shall deliver to such Holder a written statement as to whether it has complied with the filing requirements of Rule 144. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Agency is authorized to settle Accounts for less than the entire balance subject to certain Debt Owner restrictions. Agency shall use its best judgement when making a settlement to debtors including payment programs. Agency may accept proposals of compromise or settlement of an Account for less than the agreed upon settlement percentage of the amount owed, subject to Debt Owners prior approval regarding the Account. Repayment schedules will not exceed 120 days on settlements or 12 months on full balance payment arrangements __clusterTitleType__17 
 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of his Corporate Status, a witness in any Proceeding to which Indemnitee is not a party, he shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection therewith. __clusterTitleType__17 
 CLAIMS AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION __clusterTitleType__17 
  The Lease Term of the Existing Lease shall terminate effective as of December 31, 2009 (Effective Termination Date). Whereas Tenant is in occupancy of the Premises, Tenant shall remain in the Premises after the Effective Termination Date, in accordance with and pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in the New Lease. __clusterTitleType__18 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Lease, it is specifically understood and agreed by Tenant that there shall be absolutely no personal liability on the part of Landlord or on the part of the partners of Landlord with respect to any of the terms, covenants and conditions of this Lease, and Tenant shall look solely to the equity, if any, of Landlord in the Office Park for the satisfaction of each and every remedy of Tenant in the event of any breach by Landlord of any of the terms, covenants and conditions of this Lease to be performed by Landlord, such exculpation of personal liability to be absolute and without any exception whatsoever. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Nothing contained in the Plan or this Agreement shall be construed or deemed by any person under any circumstances to obligate the Company to continue the employment of the Employee for any period. __clusterTitleType__13 
 (a) Owners agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Managing Agent from and against all costs, claims, expenses and liabilities (including reasonable attorneys' fees) arising out of Managing Agent's performance of its duties in accordance with this Agreement including, without limitation, injury or damage to persons or property occurring in, on or about the Managed Premises and violations or alleged violations of any law, ordinance, regulation or order of any governmental authority regarding the Managed Premises except any injury, damage or violation resulting from Managing Agent's fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct in the performance of its duties hereunder. (b) Owners and Managing Agent shall maintain such commercially reasonable insurance as shall from time to time be mutually agreed by Owners and Managing Agent. __clusterTitleType__25 
 This Warrant may be offered for sale, sold, transferred or assigned without the consent of the Company, except as may otherwise be required by Section 2(f) of the Securities Purchase Agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Ten (10) days before any party to this Agreement institutes any action to enforce the rights set forth in this Agreement, written notice of the intention to sue shall be given by certified mail by said party to the other party. During the above-mentioned ten (10) day period, the parties to this Agreement will make a reasonable effort to amicably resolve any disagreement that has arisen between them. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Upon termination by the Company for Cause or Employees voluntary termination without Good Reason, other than any accrued and unpaid compensation salary, bonus, equity and reimbursement of expenses otherwise payable in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, there will be no termination benefits. __clusterTitleType__5 
  RESOLVED, that the number of directors of the Corporation remain at two directors to serve immediately until the next annual meeting of the shareholders, or until removed by other action as allowed by the PersonNamecorporate bylaws; and be it RESOLVED FURTHER, that the following individual be appointed members of the board to fill the new positions: Daryl J. Ehrmantraut Dated as of the 4th day of January 2010. The undersigned, being all the Directors of QUANTUM SOLAR POWER CORP., waives the required notice of meeting and consents to all actions taken hereby. Additionally, execution of this resolution is acceptable in counterparts in accordance with the Companys By-Laws. /s/ Desmond Ross Desmond Ross President /s/ Graham Hughes Graham Hughes Secretary, Treasurer __clusterTitleType__17 
  The representations, warranties, agreements and covenants contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Units. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The provisions of this Agreement may not be amended, qualified, modified or supplemented, and waivers or consents to departures from the provisions hereof may not be given, unless the Company has obtained the written consent of the Majority Holders; provided that, with respect to any matter that directly or indirectly affects the rights of any Initial Purchaser hereunder, the Company shall obtain the written consent of each such Initial Purchaser against which such amendment, qualification, supplement, waiver or consent is to be effective; provided, further, that no amendment, qualification, supplement, waiver or consent with respect to Section 7 hereof shall be effective as against any Holder of Registrable Securities unless consented to in writing by such Holder; and provided, further, that the provisions of this Article 11 may not be amended, qualified, modified or supplemented, and waivers or consents to departures from the provisions hereof may not be given, unless the Company has obtained the written consent of the Initial Purchasers and each Holder. __clusterTitleType__15 
 In order to induce the Executive to remain in the employ of the Company and in consideration of the Executive's covenants set forth in Section 4 hereof, the Company agrees, under the conditions described herein, to pay the Executive the Severance Payments and the other payments and benefits described herein. Except as provided in Section 2, Section 6.3, Section 9.1 or Section 14.2 hereof, no amounts shall be payable under this Agreement unless the Executive's employment with the Company terminates following a Change in Control and during the Term. This Agreement shall not be construed as creating an express or implied contract of employment enforceable against the Company nor, except as provided in Section 4 below, enforceable against the Executive, and, except as otherwise agreed in writing between the Executive and the Company, the Executive shall not have any right to be retained in the employ of the Company. __clusterTitleType__17 
  2.1The Plan is designed to provide the Company with the ability to grant RSU Awards to Employees in lieu of Bonuses and to allow Employees to acquire Shares using Bonuses in order to:-  2.1.1promote the long term financial interests and growth of the Willis Group by attracting and retaining personnel with the training, experience and ability to enable them to make a substantial contribution to the success of Willis Groups business;  2.1.2motivate management personnel by means of growth-related incentives to achieve long range goals; and  2.1.3further the identity of interests of Participants with those of the shareholders of the Company through opportunities for increased share, or share-based, ownership in the Company.  __clusterTitleType__17 
 Lyles agrees that he will not make any public announcement or statement or otherwise discuss or disclose the terms of this Agreement with or to any past or present employees, agents or representatives of the Company (subject to those Company employees who have a business need to know) or to any third party, including without limitation, the press, vendors or customers. However, it is understood that Lyles may communicate regarding this Agreement with his financial and legal advisers, family members, and others with a valid need to know, with the understanding that disclosures to such individuals shall be made to them with an explanation by Lyles of the confidential nature of this Agreement and the expressed understanding of such nondisclosure and confidentiality obligations by the receiving party. __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Agreement expresses the entire Agreement between the parties regarding Executive's separation from employment, and all other subjects relating hereto, and it supersedes all prior agreements, understandings, and negotiations involving the parties on such subjects, whether written or oral, consistent or inconsistent, or otherwise; provided, however, that the Indemnification Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. This Agreement may not be amended, modified, waived, terminated or clarified, except by a written agreement signed by both parties. No representation, promise, inducement or statement of intent relating to his employment made prior to or contemporaneously with this Agreement that has been made by the Company or Executive shall have any binding effect. __clusterTitleType__6 
 The purposes of the Madison Square Garden, Inc. 2010 Stock Plan for Non-Employee Directors are to attract and retain individuals who are not employees of the Company as members of the Board of Directors, by encouraging them to acquire a proprietary interest in the Company which is parallel to that of the stockholders of the Company. __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Contract is governed by the Italian law excluding the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (CISG). 9 __clusterTitleType__17 
 The term force majeure as used herein shall mean any cause whatsoever beyond the control of either party hereto, including, but not limited to (a) act of God, flood, fire, explosion, war, riot, strike and other labor disturbance; (b) failure in, or inability to obtain on reasonable terms, raw materials, finished products, transportation facilities, storage facilities and/or manufacturing facilities; (c) diminution, nonexistence or redirection of supplies as a result of compliance by CITGO, voluntary or otherwise, with any request, order, requisition or necessity of the government or any governmental officer, agent or representative purporting to act under authority, or with any governmental or industry rationing, allocation or supply program; and (d) CITGOs inability to meet the demand for its products at CITGOs normal and usual source points for supplying Unbranded Marketer, regardless of whether CITGO may have been forced to divert certain supplies from such source points in order to alleviate shortages at other distribution points. If by reason of any force majeure condition CITGO shall be unable to supply the requirements of all of its customers of any product covered by this Agreement, CITGOs obligation while such condition exists shall, at its option, be reduced and apportioned to the extent necessary in its sole judgment and discretion. Unbranded Marketer shall not hold CITGO responsible in any manner for any losses or damages which Unbranded Marketer may claim as a result of any such apportionment. CITGO shall not be required to make up any deficiency in any product not delivered as a result of any such apportionment. In no event shall any force majeure condition affect Unbranded Marketers obligation to pay for product when due. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The term of this Agreement shall be for the period of 12 months from the effective date, subject to prior termination as provided herein. This agreement supercedes all prior agreements with Consultant. __clusterTitleType__18 
 12.1Inventions.Executive hereby assigns and agrees to assign to Company, its subsidiaries, successors and assigns, all intellectual property rights, in all countries of the world, in and to any invention, patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret, confidential information and technology developed, authored, conceived, or reduced to practice solely by the Executive or jointed with others during the term of the Agreement, which is related to Company's present or prospective business interests. The Executive will, without charge to Company, but at its expense, sign all papers, take all rightful oaths, and do all acts which may be necessary, desirable, or convenient for securing and maintaining intellectual property rights in any and all countries and for vesting title thereto with Company, his successors, assigns, and legal representatives or nominees. 12.2Prior Inventions. Executive shall disclose to Company in writing any of his inventions, discoveries and technology that occurred prior to the execution of the Agreement but during his employment with the Company, which inventions, discoveries and technology Executive also hereby assigns to the Company. The disclosure shall contain sufficient detail to permit Company to evaluate and quantify the scope of Executive's work prior to the date of this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
  THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REGARD TO THE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAWS THEREOF EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT THE UCC PROVIDES THAT THE PERFECTION OF THE SECURITY INTEREST HEREUNDER, OR REMEDIES HEREUNDER, IN RESPECT OF ANY PARTICULAR COLLATERAL ARE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF A JURISDICTION OTHER THAN THE STATE OF NEW YORK, IN WHICH CASE THE LAWS OF SUCH JURISDICTION SHALL GOVERN WITH RESPECT TO THE PERFECTION OF THE SECURITY INTEREST IN, OR THE REMEDIES WITH RESPECT TO, SUCH PARTICULAR COLLATERAL. The rules of construction set forth in Section 1 of the Credit Agreement shall be applicable to this Agreement mutatis mutandis. __clusterTitleType__7 
 On or before the first date on which the Company makes any communication available to holders of Deposited Securities or any securities regulatory authority or stock exchange, by publication or otherwise, the Company shall transmit to the Depositary a copy thereof in English or with an English translation or summary. The Company has delivered to the Depositary, the Custodian and any Transfer Office, a copy of all provisions of or governing the Shares and any other Deposited Securities issued by the Company and, promptly upon any change thereto, the Company shall deliver to the Depositary, the Custodian and any Transfer Office, a copy (in English or with an English translation) of such provisions as so changed. The Depositary and its agents may rely upon the Company's delivery thereof for all purposes of this Deposit Agreement. 6 __clusterTitleType__17 
 Each Shareholder hereby revokes (or agrees to cause to be revoked) any proxies that such Shareholder has heretofore granted with respect to such Shareholders Subject Shares. Each Shareholder hereby irrevocably appoints Parent, and any individual designated in writing by Parent, and each of them individually, as attorney-in-fact and proxy for and on behalf of such Shareholder, for and in the name, place and stead of such Shareholder, to: (a) attend any and all Company Shareholders Meetings, (b) vote, express consent or dissent or issue instructions to the record holder to vote such Shareholders Subject Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 1.1 at any and all Company Shareholders Meetings or in connection with any action sought to be taken by written consent of the shareholders of the Company without a meeting and (c) grant or withhold, or issue instructions to the record holder to grant or withhold, consistent with the provisions of Section 1.1, all written consents with respect to the Subject Shares at any and all Company Shareholders Meetings or in connection with any action sought to be taken by written consent without a meeting. Parent (or its designee) agrees not to exercise the proxy granted herein for any purpose other than the purposes described in this Agreement. The foregoing proxy shall be deemed to be a proxy coupled with an interest, is irrevocable (and as such shall survive and not be affected by the death, incapacity, mental illness or insanity of such Shareholder, as applicable) until the termination of the Merger Agreement and shall not be terminated by operation of Law or upon the occurrence of any other event other than the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 4.2. Each Shareholder authorizes such attorney and proxy to substitute any other Person to act hereunder, to revoke any substitution and to file this proxy and any substitution or revocation with the secretary of the Company. Each Shareholder hereby affirms that the proxy set forth in this Section 1.4 is given in connection with and granted in consideration of and as an inducement to Parent and Merger Sub to enter into the Merger Agreement and that such proxy is given to secure the obligations of the Shareholder under Section 1.1. __clusterTitleType__17 
 33 __clusterTitleType__17 
 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of his Corporate Status, a witness, or is made (or asked to) respond to discovery requests, in any Proceeding to which Indemnitee is not a party, he shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection therewith. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Company represents and warrants to Indemnitee that it has the absolute and unrestricted right, power and authority to execute and deliver this Deed and to perform its obligations under this Deed. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Any payments to which the Executive may be entitled under this Agreement, including, without limitation, under sections 5 and 6 hereof, shall be made forthwith on the applicable date(s) for payment specified in this Agreement. If for any reason the amount of any payment due to the Executive cannot be finally determined on that date, such amount shall be estimated on a good faith basis by the Company and the estimated amount shall be paid no later than 10 days after such date. As soon as practicable thereafter, the final determination of the amount due shall be made and any adjustment requiring a payment to or from the Executive shall be made as promptly as practicable. __clusterTitleType__17 
 a.The Closing Date shall occur on the date which is the first Business Day after each of the conditions contemplated by Section 6 and Section 7 hereof shall have either been satisfied or been waived by the party in whose favor such conditions run. b.The closing of the Transactions shall occur on the Closing Date at the offices of the Purchaser or by electronic means and shall take place no later than 3:00 P.M., New York time, on such day or such other time as is mutually agreed upon by the Company and the Purchaser. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Any notices, requests, demands and other communications provided for by this Agreement shall be sufficient if in writing and delivered in person or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service or by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, to the Executive at the last address the Executive has filed in writing with the Employer or, in the case of the Employer, at its main offices, attention of the CEO, and shall be effective on the date of delivery in person or by courier or three (3) days after the date mailed. __clusterTitleType__4 
 The date of grant of an Award granted hereunder shall be the date on which the Board, or the Committee if one has been appointed, acts in granting the Award. __clusterTitleType__17 
  The Executive hereby represents to the Company that: (i) the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Executive and the performance by the Executive of the Executives duties hereunder shall not constitute a breach of, or otherwise contravene, the terms of any other agreement or policy to which the Executive is a party or otherwise bound, except for agreements that are required to be entered into by and between the Executive and any member of the Group pursuant to applicable law of the jurisdiction where the Executive is based, if any; (ii) that the Executive has no information (including, without limitation, confidential information and trade secrets) relating to any other person or entity which would prevent, or be violated by, the Executive entering into this Agreement or carrying out his/her duties hereunder; (iii) that the Executive is not bound by any confidentiality, trade secret or similar agreement (other than this) with any other person or entity except for other member(s) of the Group, as the case may be. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Unless otherwise specified, the remedies provided in this, Agreement shall be cumulative and shall not preclude the assertion or exercise of any other rights or remedies available by law, in equity or otherwise. __clusterTitleType__26 
 __clusterTitleType__17 
 The aggregate Principal Amount, together with all accrued interest and penalties thereon and expenses incurred by the Lender in connection herewith (cumulatively, the Outstanding Amount), shall be due and payable in full on the earliest to occur of (the earliest of such events, the Maturity Date): (i) June ___, 2012 and (ii) the automatic acceleration of this Note upon the occurrence of an Event of Default. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Exhibits to the Rights Agreement shall be deemed amended and restated to reflect this Amendment, including all necessary and conforming changes. __clusterTitleType__15 
 1.1Title Executive shall be employed as the President and Chief Financial Officer. 1.2Duties Subject to the direction and supervision of the Chairman, Executive shall have the general powers and duties of supervision and management usually vested in the President and Chief Financial Officer of a corporation. __clusterTitleType__17 
 This offer letter, the Confidentiality Agreement and the stock option agreement (as approved by the Board of Directors) covering the Option Grant, when signed by you, set forth the terms of your employment with the Company and supersede any and all prior representations and agreements, whether written or oral. In the event of a conflict between the terms and provisions of this offer letter and the Confidentiality Agreement and the stock option agreement, the terms and provisions of the Confidentiality Agreement and the stock option agreement will control. Any amendment of this offer letter or any waiver of a right under this offer letter must be in a writing signed by you and an officer of the Company or a member of the Companys Board of Directors (other than yourself). North Carolina law will govern this offer letter. Ken Reali December 11, 2009 Page 5 We look forward to you joining the Company. If the foregoing terms are agreeable, please indicate your acceptance by signing this offer letter and returning it to me, along with your completed and signed Confidentiality Agreement [Signature pages to follow] Sincerely, TRANS1 INC. By: /s/ Richard Randall Richard Randall, Chief Executive Officer AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED: Employee /s/ Ken Reali Ken Reali Signature Page to Employment Offer Letter Exhibit A Confidentiality Agreement __clusterTitleType__17 
 The addresses for the Subscription Agent are as follows: By Mail or Overnight Courier: By Hand: American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC Operations Center Attn: Reorganization Department 6201 15th Avenue Brooklyn, New York 11219 American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC Attn: Reorganization Department 59 Maiden Lane New York, New York 10038 For questions regarding the Rights Offering, assistance regarding the method of exercising Subscription Rights or for additional copies of relevant documents and instructions, please contact the Company by mail, telephone, or e-mail: Rights Offering Subscription Department Lighting Science Group Corporation Building 2A Telephone: (321)779-5542 Email: ROSD@lsgc.com 1227 South Patrick Drive Satellite Beach, Florida 32937 __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Term of this Agreement shall commence on the date hereof and shall continue in effect through December 31, 2010; provided, however, that effective January 1, 2011 and each January 1 thereafter, the Term that is then in effect shall automatically be extended for one additional year unless the Company has given notice before the January 1 in question that the Term that is in effect at the time such notice is given will not be extended; and further provided, however, that if a Change in Control occurs during the Term, the Term shall expire no earlier than twelve (12) calendar months after the calendar month in which such Change in Control occurs. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement shall terminate if the Executive ceases to be an employee of the Company and its subsidiaries for any reason prior to a Change in Control.However, anything in this Agreement (including the preceding sentence) to the contrary notwithstanding, if a Change in Control occurs and if, within three months prior to the date on which such Change in Control occurs, the Executive's employment with the Company is terminated by the Company without Cause or an event occurs that would, if it took place after the Change in Control, constitute Good Reason for termination of employment by the Executive, and if it is reasonably demonstrated by the Executive that such termination of employment by the Company or event constituting Good Reason for termination of employment by the Executive (a) was undertaken at the request of a third party who has taken steps reasonably calculated to effect the Change in Control, or (b) otherwise arose in connection with or in anticipation of the Change in Control, then for purposes of this Agreement such termination of employment by the Company without Cause or event constituting Good Reason shall be deemed to occur during the 12 month period following the Change in Control and, if the Executive terminates his employment for such Good Reason before the Change in Control, such termination of employment by the Executive shall likewise be deemed to occur during the 12 month period following the Change in Control. __clusterTitleType__18 
 So long as any amount under this Note shall remain unpaid, the Holder will, unless the Maker otherwise consents in writing, promptly give written notice to the Maker in reasonable detail of the occurrence of any Event of Default, or any condition, event or act which with the giving of notice or the passage of time or both would constitute an Event of Default. ARTICLE III DEFAULT __clusterTitleType__4 
 The Exercise Price at which this Warrant may be exercised shall be ________________ per share of Common Stock/Preferred Stock, as adjusted from time to time pursuant to Section 11 hereof. 1 __clusterTitleType__17 
  a.	Earnout period ending July 31, 2008 466,353 b. Earnout period ending July 31, 2009 1,376,203 c. Earnout for sale of company 8,846,494 Sub-total of Earnout Shares 10,689,050 __clusterTitleType__17 
 In the event that any portion of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the other portions of this Agreement, and the remaining covenants, terms and conditions or portions hereof shall remain in full force and effect, and any court of competent jurisdiction may so modify the objectionable provision so as to make it valid, enforceable and as close in meaning and economic effect to the original provision as possible. __clusterTitleType__14 
 The Subscriber represents and warrants that this Agreement, when executed and delivered to the Company, will constitute the Subscribers valid and legally binding obligation, except to the extent the enforceability thereof may be limited by bankruptcy laws, insolvency laws, reorganization laws, moratorium laws or other laws affecting creditors rights generally or by general equitable principles. __clusterTitleType__17 
  6.1Priveco hereby covenants and agrees that he will indemnify and save harmless Pubco against all costs, damages, liabilities, charges, expenses and claims made from and after the date of this Agreement by the Debt Holder with respect to matters arising out of the Priveco Promissory Note.  __clusterTitleType__27 
 Notwithstanding the following paragraphs, Employee and Company agree that Employees compensation will accrue until the Company becomes publicly traded or is acquired by a publicly traded company. (Closing). The date of the acquisition is the Closing Date. A.Base Salary The Company will pay Employee an annual gross base salary of $200,000.00 (Base Salary) payable at least semi-monthly. The Company agrees to review Employees salary at least annually as of each anniversary of the Start Date and make adjustments upwards as necessary to reflect increases in the cost of living as well as performance. The amount of any such increase if any; shall be at the sole discretion of the Board. Any actual payments of salary or bonuses made to Employee will be net of any governmental applicable taxes and fees that Company acting in good faith and its sole discretion determines need to be deducted from payments to Employee. B.Cash Bonuses At the sole discretion of the Board, Employee will be eligible to receive a cash bonus of up to 200% of Base Salary each year based upon actual performance of the Company as determined by the Board. The timing, amount and payment terms of any such bonus if granted shall be at the sole discretion of the Board. C.Options The Company will grant to Employee options representing 5% of the Company on a fully-diluted basis as of Closing Date. The strike price will be consistent with the conversion price of the KMC convertible note that will be issued currently with Closing. Options shall vest monthly over a three (3) year period beginning on the Start Date. In addition, the Board can and will make annual stock option grant awards pursuant to Company policies and guidelines, based on Employees service to the Company and overall Company performance criteria. 3 of 11 __clusterTitleType__30 
 Interest shall accrue on the then outstanding principal balance of this Note at a fixed interest rate per annum equal to 8%. Accrued interest shall be payable in cash in arrears on the last day of each calendar quarter commencing on December 31, 2009, until the outstanding principal balance is paid in full. If at any time the principal balance of this Note shall be paid in full, then all accrued interest shall be payable at the time of such principal payment. In the case of an Event of Default (Section 9), interest shall accrue on the then outstanding principal balance of this Note at a fixed interest rate per annum equal to 12% until such Event of Default is cured. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Year 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 Quantity (ton) 150-200 300 500 500 500 Unit price The unit price is RMB 1,700 /kg during the first half year and RMB 1,650 during the second half year. The parties shall negotiate the price every three months. The parties shall negotiate the price every three months. The parties shall negotiate the price every three months. The parties shall negotiate the price every three months. Goods supply Jul.~ Dec., 25-33 ton/month Jan.~ Dec., 25 ton/month Jan.~ Dec., 42 ton/month Jan.~ Dec., 42 ton/month Jan.~ Dec., 42 ton/month Total quantity: 1,950~2,000 Total amount: subject to actual amount dominated in RMB Notes: 1. The above prices include value-added tax 2. Definition of market price: The transaction price of batch goods (more than ten tons) on current domestic spot market 1 3. Time of determining price: The price is determined on a quarterly basis The price of the following quarter shall be determined during the 20th to 30th days of the last month of each quarter. The price shall be confirmed in the form of Price Confirmation through friendly negotiation by both parties in good faith. If no agreement is reached through negotiation, the price at which a third party agrees to purchase goods of the same quality (over 10 tons) from Party B in the current period shall prevail. 4. Party A and Party B shall give priority to guaranteeing the quantity under this contract If Party B has goods in excess of the agreed quantity, Party B shall give priority to supplying them to Party A under the same conditions. 5. Both parties have taken into adequate consideration the impact of the floating factors of market energy price upon the contract price Once the price is determined, during each corresponding performing period, neither party shall delay the performance of or refuse to perform this Contract due to change of market price. __clusterTitleType__17 
 All notices required, or permitted to be given under this Agreement, shall be given in writing, and shall be delivered, either personally or by express delivery service, to the party to be notified. Notice to each party shall be deemed to have been duly given upon delivery, personally or by courier (such as Federal Express or similar express delivery service), addressed to the attention of the officer at the address set forth hereto, or to such other officer or addresses as either party may designate, upon at least ten (10) days' written notice, to the other party. If SAN  Greg Halpern SO ACT NETWORK, Inc. 10685-B Hazlehurst Drive #6572 Houston, TX 77043 If RS  Roy Sciacca 3561 N.W. 126th Avenue Coral Springs, FL, 33071 If LAW FIRM Eric Stein, Esq. ANSLOW & JACLIN, LLP 195 Route South Manalapan, NJ 07726 Page 3 of 7 __clusterTitleType__4 
 On the Closing Date, in accordance with and subject to the terms and conditions described in this Agreement relating to the offering (the Offering) by the Company of shares (the Shares) of Company common stock, $0.0001 par value per share (the Common Stock), for an aggregate purchase price equal to $1,000,000 (the Aggregate Subscription Amount), the Company agrees to sell to each of the Purchasers, and each of the Purchasers agrees to purchase from the Company, the number of Shares equal to (a) the Individual Subscription Amount set forth next to such Purchasers name on Exhibit A hereto divided by (b) the Per-Share Purchase Price (the number of Shares to be sold to each Purchaser shall be rounded down to the nearest whole number). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings set forth in Section 7 hereof or elsewhere herein. __clusterTitleType__17 
  This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same Agreement. 31 __clusterTitleType__10 
  Except as otherwise provided by or fixed pursuant to the provisions of the Corporations Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation relating to the rights of holders of any series of preferred stock, any action required to be taken at any annual or special meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation, or any action which may be taken at any annual or special meeting of such stockholders, may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent in writing (or deemed to be in writing under applicable law), setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by stockholders (or deemed to be signed by stockholders under applicable law) representing not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such actions at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted and shall be delivered and dated as required by law. Prompt notice of the taking of such action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall be given to those stockholders who have not consented in writing. The Secretary shall file such consents with the minutes of the meetings of the stockholders. __clusterTitleType__17 
 As a condition to the exercise of these options, the Optionee shall make such arrangements as the Administrator may require for the satisfaction of any federal, state and local income, and employment tax withholding requirements that may arise in connection with such exercise. The Optionee shall also make such arrangements as the Administrator may require for the satisfaction of any federal, state and local income, and employment tax withholding requirements that may arise in connection with the disposition of Shares purchased by exercising these options. The Optionee shall pay to the Company an amount equal to the withholding amount (or the Company may withhold such amount from the Optionee's salary) in cash or check. At the Administrator's election, the Optionee may pay the withholding amount with Shares (including previously vested Optioned Stock); provided, however, that payment in Stock shall be limited to the withholding amount calculated using the minimum statutory withholding rates interpreted in accordance with applicable accounting requirements, or consideration received by the Company under a broker assisted sale and remittance program acceptable to the Administrator. __clusterTitleType__2 
 Notice to any Holder shall be deemed given when first mailed, first class postage prepaid, to the address of such Holder on the ADR Register or received by such Holder. Failure to notify a Holder or any defect in the notification to a Holder shall not affect the sufficiency of notification to other Holders or to the beneficial owners of ADSs held by such other Holders. Notice to the Depositary or the Company shall be deemed given when first received by it at the address or facsimile transmission number set forth in (a) or (b), respectively, or at such other address or facsimile transmission number as either may specify to the other by written notice: (a)JPMorgan Chase Bank, N. A. Four New York Plaza New York, New York 10004 Attention: ADR Administration Fax: (212) 623-0079 (b)Daqo New Energy Corp.  666 Longdu Avenue Wanzhou, Chongqing 404000 Peoples Republic of China Attention: [CONTACT PERSON] Fax: __clusterTitleType__4 
 No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant. If the holder of this Warrant would be entitled, upon the exercise of this Warrant, to receive a fractional interest in a share, the Company shall, upon such exercise, purchase such fractional interest, determined as follows: (a) If the Common Stock is listed on a national securities exchange (which includes the Nasdaq Capital Market) or admitted to unlisted trading privileges on such exchange or listed for trading on the OTC Bulletin Board, the current value shall be the last reported sale price of the Common Stock on such exchange on the last business day prior to the date of exercise of this Warrant or if no such sale is made on such day, the average of the closing bid and asked prices for such day on such exchange; or (b) If the Common Stock is not listed or admitted to unlisted trading privileges, the current value shall be the mean of the last reported bid and asked prices reported by the National Quotation Bureau, Inc on the last business day prior to the date of the exercise of this Warrant; or (c) If the Common Stock is not so listed or admitted to unlisted trading privileges and bid and asked prices are not so reported, the current value shall be an amount determined in such reasonable manner as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors of the Company __clusterTitleType__17 
 Pursuant to Article VII, Section 3 of the Lease, Tenant has the right to construct a clean room upon the leased premises and other related improvements approved by Landlord (the "Tenant Improvements"). Landlord has agreed to provide Tenant with an improvement allowance (the "Tenant Improvement Allowance") in an amount not to exceed Six Hundred and Forty Thousand and no/100 ($640,000.00) Dollars (the "Maximum Tenant Improvement Allowance") for the construction of the clean room and other related items approved by Landlord. Within forty-five (45) days (the "Determination Date") from the execution of this Lease, Tenant will provide Landlord with the proposed budget (the "Budget") and the actual Tenant Improvement Allowance (the "Actual Tenant Improvement Allowance") it will require for the Tenant Improvements. In the event the Actual Tenant Improvement Allowance exceeds the Maximum Tenant Improvement Allowance, Tenant shall be solely liable for such excess amounts. Upon Landlord's receipt of the Budget and Actual Tenant Improvement Allowance, Landlord and Tenant will enter into to an amendment to the Lease to replace this Addendum to Lease and to reflect the amount of the improvement rent (the "Improvement Rent") which shall be paid by Tenant to Landlord during the Term of the Lease and the other terms and conditions in this Addendum to Lease. The Improvement Rent shall be determined as follows: (a) The Actual Tenant Improvement Allowance will be amortized over the ten (10) year term of the Lease at eight and one half (8. For example, if the Actual Tenant Improvement Allowance required by Tenant is $640,000.00, the Tenant shall pay the Improvement Rent during the one hundred twenty month period as follows: the sum of Nine Hundred Fifty Two Thousand and Ninety Three and 80/100 ($952,093.80) Dollars, payable in monthly installments of Seven Thousand Nine Hundred Thirty Four and 11/100 ($7,934.11) Dollars, due and payable on the first day (1st) day of each and every month commencing as defined in Article II, Section 1, (which first month's additional rental has already been received) for the next one hundred nineteen (119) consecutive months. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Executive is the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and reports to the Board of Directors of the Company, and is presently the Chairman of the Board of Directors. In this position, Executive has the responsibility for the general management and operation of the Company and the performance of such other executive services and duties as shall be reasonably assigned to and requested of him by the Board of Directors. Executive shall serve in any position and office with the Company as the Board of Directors of the Company may determine from time to time. However, Executive shall always remain as Chief Executive Officer and at the level of a senior executive officer of the Company. During the Employment Period, Executive shall devote substantially all his working time and efforts to the business and affairs of the Company and serve the Company in its business and perform his duties to the best of his ability. __clusterTitleType__17 
 (a) No federal or state agency has passed upon the Shares or the Warrants or made any finding or determination as to the fairness of this investment; (b) There is no established market for the Shares or the Warrants and no assurance has been given that any public market for them will develop; (c) Neither the Shares nor the Warrants may be sold, pledged or otherwise transferred, except as may be permitted under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws pursuant to registration or exemption therefrom; and accordingly, the undersigned may be required to bear the financial risks of an investment in the Shares and the Warrants for an indefinite period of time; (d) The undersigned consents to (i) the placing of a legend substantially in the form set forth below on the certificates representing the Shares (or upon any certificates representing shares of Common Stock issued upon exercise of the Warrants) stating that the securities have not been registered and setting forth the restriction on transfer contemplated hereby, and (ii) the placing of a stop transfer order on the books of the Company and with any transfer agents against the Shares. The shares represented by this certificate have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. These shares have been acquired for investment and not with a view to distribution or resale and may not be sold, mortgaged, pledged, hypothecated or otherwise transferred without an effective registration statement for such sales under the Securities Act of 1933, or an opinion of counsel for the corporation that registration is not required under such Act. 2 The shares represented by this certificate are also subject to the provisions of a certain Investor Rights Agreement dated July 25, 2003 and may not be transferred except in accordance with the provisions of that agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The provisions of Sections 2 (limited to the obligation of the Company to indemnify the Manager for matters provided thereunder), 14, 15 (limited to the obligations of the Company to keep information provided to the Company by the Manager confidential as provided in the last proviso in such Section), 16 (limited to the last paragraph of such Section), 17, 19, 20, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 30 and 31 of this Agreement shall survive the termination hereof. __clusterTitleType__17 
  The Willis Group Holdings 2001 Share Purchase and Option Plan, as amended and restated on December 30, 2009 by Willis Group Holdings Limited and as amended and restated and assumed by Willis Group Holdings Public Limited Company on December 31, 2009 (the Plan), is designed: (a)to promote the long term financial interests and growth of the Company and its Subsidiaries (collectively, Willis Group) by attracting and retaining personnel with the training, experience and ability to enable them to make a substantial contribution to the success of Willis Groups business;  (b)to motivate management personnel by means of growth-related incentives to achieve long range goals; and  (c)to further the identity of interests of participants with those of the shareholders of Willis Group through opportunities for increased shares, or share-based, ownership in Willis Group.  __clusterTitleType__17 
  This Plan shall be governed by the laws of Ireland, without regard to conflicts of laws. - 10 - SCHEDULE In this Schedule words and expressions defined in the Plan shall have the same meaning when used in this Schedule and the Rules of the Plan shall apply to the provisions of this Schedule, mutatis mutandis, except where varied herein. 1.To the extent that RSU Awards made to Participants take the form of an immediate award of RSU Shares subject to forfeiture if the conditions specified in the Rules are not met (Forfeitable Shares), the provisions of this Schedule shall apply.  2.It is a condition of the award of Forfeitable Shares that the Participant may not transfer the Forfeitable Shares between the Award Date and the Vesting Date.  3.Subject to Paragraphs 4, 5 and 6 below, Forfeitable Shares shall remain forfeitable until the Vesting Date.  4.If any Participant who has been awarded Forfeitable Shares dies before the Vesting Date and at a time when he is an Employee, his or her Forfeitable Shares shall immediately cease to be forfeitable.  5.If any Participant who has been awarded Forfeitable Shares ceases to be an Employee by reason of Permanent Disability or is terminated by the Company without Cause or is terminated as a result of Retirement before the Vesting Date, his or her Forfeitable Shares shall immediately cease to be forfeitable.  6.If a Participant who has been awarded Forfeitable Shares ceases to be an Employee otherwise than as mentioned in Paragraphs 4 and 5 above, he shall forfeit his or her Forfeitable Shares immediately, unless the Board, in its absolute discretion, permits otherwise, in which event the Board may determine the number of Forfeitable Shares which shall cease to be forfeitable as at the Vesting Date and the number of Forfeitable Shares (if any) which the Participant shall forfeit immediately.  7.The Participant agrees that the Forfeitable Shares shall be registered in the name of a nominee between the Award Date and the Vesting Date (or, if the Company directs that the Forfeitable Shares are registered in the name of the Participant, the Forfeitable Shares shall be deposited between the Award Date and the Vesting Date with such person as the Company may direct).  - 11 - __clusterTitleType__7 
  All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if mailed or transmitted by any standard form of telecommunication. Notices to the Underwriters shall be directed to the Representatives at 4 World Financial Center, New York, New York 10080, attention of  and notices to the Company or the Historic Partners shall be directed to 2000 Avenue of the Stars, 9th Floor, South Tower, Los Angeles, CA 90067, attention of Jason Reese, Chief Executive Officer. 30 __clusterTitleType__4 
 This Option is a non-statutory stock option under the Plan and is not intended to be an incentive stock option under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. __clusterTitleType__17 
 (a) All reasonable expenses incurred in connection with Registrations, filings or qualifications pursuant to Section 2, including, without limitation, all Registration, listing, and qualifications fees, printers and accounting fees, the fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company shall be borne by the Company. (b) Except as otherwise provided for in Schedule 4(b) attached hereto, the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has, as of the date hereof, and the Company shall not on or after the date of this Agreement, enter into any agreement with respect to its securities that is inconsistent with the rights granted to Investor in this Agreement or otherwise conflicts with the provisions hereof. Except as otherwise provided for in Schedule 4(b), the Company has not previously entered into any agreement granting any registration rights with respect to any of its securities to any person. Except as otherwise provided for in this Section 4, and without limiting the generality of the foregoing, without the written consent of Investor, the Company shall not grant to any person the right to request the Company to Register any securities of the Company under the Securities Act unless the rights so granted are subject in all respects to the prior rights in full of Investor set forth herein, and are not otherwise in conflict or inconsistent with the provisions of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. __clusterTitleType__23 
 . The Company acknowledges that Wharton has been retained only by the Company, that Wharton is providing Services hereunder as an independent contractor (and not in any fiduciary or agency capacity) and that the Companys engagement of Wharton is not deemed to be on behalf of, and is not intended to confer rights upon, any shareholder, owner, or partner of the Company or any other person not a party hereto as against Wharton or any of its affiliates, or any of its or their respective officers, directors, controlling persons, employees or agents. The Company acknowledges that any recommendation or advice, written or oral, given by Wharton to the Company in connection with Whartons engagement is intended solely for the benefit and use of the Companys management and directors in considering a possible Offering, and any such recommendation or advice is not on behalf of, and shall not confer any rights or remedies upon, any other person or be used or relied upon for any other purpose. __clusterTitleType__17 
 If money for the payment of principal or interest remains unclaimed for two years, the Paying Agent shall pay the money back to the Company at its request, or if then held by the Company, shall be discharged from such trust (unless an abandoned property law designates another Person for payment thereof). After any such payment, Holders entitled to the money must look only to the Company for payment thereof, and all liability of the Paying Agent with respect to such money, and all liability of the Company as trustee thereof, shall thereupon cease. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Investor understands and acknowledges that the Company has a limited financial and operating history and that an investment in the Company is highly speculative and involves substantial risks. Investor can bear the economic risk of Investors investment and is able, without impairing Investors financial condition, to hold the Shares for an indefinite period of time and to suffer a complete loss of Investors investment. __clusterTitleType__17 
  (a) Each Participant shall be paid a bonus amount equal to 5% of the Companys Earnings (as defined in Section 5(c)) with respect to each Performance Period Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Plan, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, reduce (but not increase) the bonus amount for any Participant for a particular Performance Period at any time prior to the payment of bonuses to Participants pursuant to Section 6 (a Participants bonus amount for each Performance Period, as so reduced, the Bonus). (b) If a Participants employment with the Company terminates for any reason before the end of a Performance Period or before the date that the Bonus is paid pursuant to Section 6, the Committee shall have the discretion to determine whether (i) such Participant shall be entitled to any Bonus at all, (ii) such Participants Bonus shall be reduced on a pro-rata basis to reflect the portion of such Performance Period the Participant was employed by the Company or (iii) to make such other arrangements as the Committee deems appropriate in connection with the termination of such Participants employment (c) For purposes of this Section 5, Earnings means the Companys operating income before taxes and extraordinary loss to be reported in its audited consolidated financial statements for the relevant fiscal year, adjusted to eliminate, with respect to such fiscal year: (i) losses related to the impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets; (ii) restructuring expenses; (iii) gains or losses on disposal of assets or segments of the previously separate companies of a business combination within two years of the date of such combination; (iv) gains or losses that are the direct result of a major casualty or natural disaster; (v) losses resulting from any newly-enacted law, regulation or judicial order; (vi) the cumulative effect of accounting changes; (vii) any extraordinary gains or losses; and (viii) accounting expenses associated with the grant of employee share options. The above adjustments to Earnings shall be computed in accordance with US GAAP. Following the completion of each Performance Period, the Committee shall certify in writing the Companys Earnings for such Performance Period. __clusterTitleType__17 
  2.1The Subscription Proceeds must accompany this Subscription and shall be paid by certified cheque or bank draft drawn on a Canadian chartered bank, and made payable and delivered to the Company.  Alternatively, the Subscription Proceeds may be wired to the Company or its lawyers pursuant to wiring instructions that will be provided to the Subscriber upon request. If the funds are wired to the Companys lawyers, the Subscriber irrevocably authorizes such lawyers to immediately deliver the funds to the Company upon receipt of the funds from the Subscriber even if the Subscription has not been consummated. 2.2The Subscriber acknowledges and agrees that this Subscription Agreement, the Subscription Proceeds and any other documents delivered in connection herewith will be held on behalf of the Company.  In the event that this Subscription Agreement is not accepted by the Company for whatever reason, which the Company expressly reserves the right to do, at any time before January 31, 2010, this Subscription Agreement, the Subscription Proceeds (without interest thereon) and any other documents delivered in connection herewith will be returned to the Subscriber at the address of the Subscriber as set forth in this Subscription Agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Agreement is solely for the benefit of the Parties hereto and, to the extent provided herein, their respective estates, heirs, successors, Affiliates, directors, officers, employees, agents and representatives, and no provision of this Agreement shall be deemed to confer upon other third parties any remedy, claim, liability, reimbursement, cause of action or other right. __clusterTitleType__17 
 To the extent requested by Indemnitee and approved by the Board of Directors of the Company, the Company may at any time and from time to time provide security to Indemnitee for the Companys obligations hereunder through an irrevocable bank line of credit, funded trust or other collateral. Any such security, once provided to Indemnitee, may not be revoked or released without the prior written consent of Indemnitee. __clusterTitleType__17 
  The following defined terms are used in this Agreement: 1.1Best Efforts means the efforts that a reasonably prudent person, desirous of achieving the results intended in this Agreement, would use in similar circumstances to ensure that the result is achieved as expeditiously as possible.  1.2Buyer or Pernix means Pernix Group, Inc. , a Delaware corporation, located at 860 Parkview Blvd., Lombard, Illinois 60148, United States of America. 1.3Closing means the event described in Section 2. 3 and encompasses the consummation of the transaction described in this Agreement. 1.4Closing Date means on or about December 29, 2009, or at such other time as the Parties may agree as of which the Closing actually takes place.  1.5Company or TransRadio means TRANSRADIO Sendersysteme Berlin AG, a German stock corporation (AG), registered in the Commercial Registry of the Local Court Charlottenburg under HRB 78850 B, located at Mertensstrasse 63-115, 13587 Berlin.  1.6Encumbrance means any mortgage, charge, lien, option, restriction, right of first refusal, right of pre-emption, third-party right or interest, or other encumbrance or security interest of any kind, either in personam or in rem, as well as any type of preferential arrangement having a similar effect or any agreement or obligation to create or grant any such interest.  1.7Knowledge means to the best knowledge, information, belief or awareness of a person and is deemed to include such knowledge, information, belief or awareness that a prudent person would have if such person made reasonable inquiries.  1.8Party includes the Buyer and each individual Seller.  Parties collectively refers to the Buyer and the Seller. 1.9Purchase Price means the price per Share that the Buyer will pay Seller, and is further defined in Section 2. 2. 1.10Seller means, Senna Finanz Holding, AG, a legal entity registered at Canton Zug under Company Registration No.  CH-170.3.023.671-1, Switzerland, duly 1 represented by its Board of Directors under the laws of Switzerland, with its registered address at Baarerstrasse 86, 6302 Zug, Switzerland (Senna). 1.11Shares means 165,650 shares of the common stock of TransRadio, held by the Seller.  1.12Sellers Shares means singular shares of TransRadio or any amounts of shares of TransRadio or shares of TransRadio held by the Seller, as may be specified in this Agreement.  1.13Total Purchase Price means the total amount that the Buyer will pay to the Seller for all of the Shares and is further defined in Section 2. 2. __clusterTitleType__3 
 This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and each of such counterparts shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. __clusterTitleType__10 
 4.1 Pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement, a minimum of $186,000 (if the Minimum Amount is raised) and a maximum of $240,000 (if the Maximum Amount is raised), or a pro rata portion in between such minimum and maximum amounts depending on the gross proceeds of the Offering (the Holdback Amount) of the Escrowed Funds, constituting an amount sufficient to satisfy the payment to the Investors of one quarterly interest payment due on the aggregate principal amount of all Notes issued in the Offering, shall be retained by the Escrow Agent. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, upon written notification by the Placement Agent to the Escrow Agent that an Event of Default (as defined in the Note) under Section 6(a) of the Notes has been declared by the Placement Agent with respect to a failure by the Company to make a quarterly interest payment in accordance with the Notes (the Interest Payment Notice), the Escrow Agent shall disburse such portion of the Holdback Amount to the Investors and in the amounts as set forth in the Interest Payment Notice. 3 4.2 Until such time as 75% of the aggregate Conversion Shares have been issued upon conversion of the Notes, within thirty (30) days following the disbursement of the Holdback Amount in accordance with Section 4.1 hereof, the Company shall deposit an additional amount equal to the Holdback Amount with the Escrow Agent to be retained and disbursed in accordance with Section 4.1 hereof. 4.3 It is acknowledged and agreed that the Placement Agent may only deliver an Interest Payment Notice following complete fulfillment by the Placement Agent of all procedures, and the lapse of applicable cure periods, set forth in the Note relating to the declaration of an Event of Default under Section 6(a) of the Notes with respect to a failure by the Company to make a quarterly interest payment in accordance with the Notes. 4.4 At such time as 75% of the Conversion Shares have been issued upon conversion of the Notes (provided that the Company is not then in material breach of any of the Transaction Documents (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement)), the Placement Agent shall provide a joint written instruction to the Escrow Agent directing that all remaining funds of the Holdback Amount shall promptly be disbursed to the Company. __clusterTitleType__17 
 THIS NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE APPLICABLE LAWS OF THE STATE OF ILLINOIS AND THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA FROM TIME TO TIME IN EFFECT. __clusterTitleType__17 
 6.1 The Contractor represents and warrants that the Know-How and the BEP are correct, complete, adequate and without defects and will enable the Customer to erect and operate the Plant for the production of the Product in compliance with Applicable Law. The Contractor represents that it will perform the Services in a professional and workmanlike manner in accordance with widely recognized professional standards in the civil engineering industry. 6.2 The Contractor represents and warrants that it has the right to grant Customer the licenses under Section 2 of this Contract and that Customers exercise of such licenses in accordance with the terms of this Contract will not infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate the patents, copyrights, trade secret rights or other intellectual property rights (collectively, Intellectual Property Rights of any third party. 6.3 In case of any violation of the Contractors representations or warranties set forth in this Section 6, the Customer will notify the Contractor in writing. The Contractor will, within a reasonable time (but no later than three weeks after receipt of Customers notification) remedy such violation accordingly or explain why it believes that there has not been a violation of a representation or warranty. In the event that the Contractor fails to remedy the notified violation within a reasonable time (but no later than three weeks after receipt of Customers notification) or if Customer determines that any delay caused by such violation is not acceptable, Customer may  in its sole discretion  engage a third party to remedy such violation; all costs and expenses of such third party will be borne by the Contractor. The Customers right to claim additional remedies pursuant to this Contract or the provisions of Applicable Law remains unaffected. __clusterTitleType__11 
 Any notice required to be given under this Agreement shall be directed to [ ], and to the Indemnitee at [ ] or to such other address as either shall designate to the other in writing. [The remainder of this page is intentionally left blank.] - 8 - IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Indemnification Agreement as of the date first written above. INDEMNITEE Name: DAQO NEW ENERGY CORP. By: Name: Title: __clusterTitleType__4 
 The Company and the Manager are not partners or joint venturers with each other and neither the terms of this Agreement nor the fact that the Company and the Manager have joint interests in any one or more investments, ownership or other interests in any one or more entities or may have common officers or employees or a tenancy relationship shall be construed so as to make them such partners or joint venturers or impose any liability as such on either of them. __clusterTitleType__17 
  (a) Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the Company shall advance all Expenses incurred by the Director in connection with any Proceeding within thirty (30) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements requesting such advances from time to time, whether prior to or after final disposition of any Proceeding Advances shall be unsecured and interest free. Advances shall be made without regard to the Directors ability to repay the Expenses and, except as provided in Section 4(c), without regard to the Directors ultimate entitlement to indemnification under the other provisions of this Agreement. (b) It is the intent of the Corporations that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Director not be required to incur legal fees or other Expenses associated with the interpretation, enforcement or defense of the Directors rights under this Agreement by litigation or otherwise because the cost and expense thereof would substantially detract from the benefits intended to be extended to the Director hereunder The Corporations shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, indemnify the Director against any and all Expenses and, if requested by the Director, the Company shall (within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor) advance such Expenses to the Director, which are incurred by the Director in connection with any action brought by the Director to interpret, enforce or defend the Directors indemnification rights under this Agreement or under any directors and officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Corporations. -4- (c) The Director shall qualify for advances upon the execution of this Agreement, which shall constitute an undertaking providing that the Director undertakes to repay the amounts advanced (without interest) to the extent that it is ultimately determined that the Director is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporations against such Expenses No other form of undertaking shall be required other than the execution of this Agreement. This Section 4 shall not apply to any claim made by the Director for which indemnity is excluded pursuant to Section 3. __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Agreement may not be assigned by either party without the prior written consent of the other party, except as provided in Section 7. __clusterTitleType__22 
 The definitions of capitalized terms used in this Agreement are provided in the last Section hereof. __clusterTitleType__17 
  Each Party shall, according to the PRC laws, bear any and all registering taxes, costs and expenses for equity transfer arising from the preparation and execution of this Agreement and all Transferring Agreements, and the completion of the transactions under this Agreement and all Transferring Agreements. __clusterTitleType__2 
 Failure at any time to require strict performance will not waive or diminish rights thereafter to demand strict compliance. Waiver of any default will not waive any other or similar default. __clusterTitleType__8 
  ECOLOGY COATINGS, INC. By:/s/ JB SmithBy:/s/ Sally J.W. Ramsey ; Sally J.W. Ramsey Its: Board Member __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Agreement may be amended, modified or supplemented but only in writing signed by each of the Parties hereto. __clusterTitleType__8 
 Agency warrants that it has and maintains an Errors and Omissions insurance policy in an amount no less than 1 million dollars and that it will amend said policy to name Performance Capital Management LLC as an additional insured. __clusterTitleType__17 
 All payments with respect to this Note shall be made in lawful money of the United States of America, at the address of the Holder as of the date hereof or as designated in writing by the Holder from time to time. The receipt by the Holderofimmediately availablefunds shall constitute a payment of principal and interest hereunder and shall satisfy and discharge the liability for principal and interest on this Note to the extent of the sum represented by such payment. Payment shall be credited first to the accrued interest then due and payable and the remainder applied to principal. __clusterTitleType__17 
 __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Plan permits the Grantee to designate a beneficiary to receive payments that may be due in the event of death. Any beneficiary may be named and the Grantee may change his beneficiaries at any time by submitting a written designation form to the Company. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Each Shareholder hereby agrees that during the period commencing on the date hereof (the Effective Date) and continuing until the termination of this Agreement as specified in Article III hereof (the Termination Date), at any meeting of the holders of Company Common Stock, however called, or in connection with any written consent of the holders of Company Common Stock, such Shareholder shall vote (or cause to be voted) the Company Common Stock held of record or Beneficially Owned (as defined herein) by such Shareholder, whether heretofore owned or hereafter acquired, (i) for the Merger and the adoption and approval of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and (ii) against any proposals for any merger, consolidation, sale or purchase of any assets, reorganization, recapitalization, amendment of the articles of incorporation or bylaws, change in the board of directors, liquidation or winding up of or by the Company or any other extraordinary corporate transaction which shall be reasonably likely to prevent the consummation of the Merger or the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. Each Shareholder, in his, her or its capacity as a Shareholder only, further agrees not to commit or agree to take any action inconsistent with the foregoing. Nothing in this Agreement will be deemed to restrict or limit the right of the Shareholder or any affiliate of the Shareholder to act in his, her or its capacity as an officer or director of the Company consistent with his, her or its fiduciary obligations in such capacity, if advised by counsel such action is required under applicable law. For purposes of this Agreement, Beneficially Own or Beneficial Ownership with respect to any securities shall mean having beneficial ownership of such securities (as determined pursuant to Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding, whether or not in writing. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The undersigned has also completed the Accredited Investor Questionnaire attached to this Agreement. The undersigned herewith delivers to the Company the consideration (Purchase Price) required to purchase the Shares and the Warrants subscribed for hereunder by wire transfer funds payable to: American Distributed Generation Inc., 45 First Avenue, Waltham, MA 02451. The minimum investment is for $50,000 unless otherwise determined in the discretion of the Company. The Shares and the Warrants will be issued in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in the Memorandum. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Agreement have the meanings specified in the Memorandum. __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Subscription Agreement may be executed through the use of separate signature pages (including by facsimile) or in any number of counterparts, and each of such counterparts shall, for all purposes, constitute one agreement binding on all the parties, notwithstanding that all parties are not signatories to the same counterpart. __clusterTitleType__10 
 The section headings contained in this Agreement are inserted for convenience only, and shall not affect in any way, the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. - 8 - __clusterTitleType__24 
 By acceptance of this Agreement, you shall be considered in agreement that all shares of Class A Common Stock and cash received upon each exercise of the Options shall be considered special incentive compensation and will be exempt from inclusion as wages or salary in pension, retirement, life insurance and other employee benefits arrangements of your Employer, except as determined otherwise by your Employer. In addition, each of your beneficiaries shall be deemed to be in -5- agreement that all such shares of Class A Common Stock and cash be exempt from inclusion in wages or salary for purposes of calculating benefits of any life insurance coverage sponsored by your Employer. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Borrowers obligation to pay the Loan is independent of the obligation of any other party who has also agreed to pay the Loan. If more than one party executes this Agreement as Borrower, all of the duties and obligations of Borrower under this Agreement and under all of the other Loan Documents shall be the joint and several obligations of such parties. Lender may sue Borrower alone, or anyone else who is obligated on the Loan, or Borrower and any other such parties together, to collect the Loan. Extending the Loan or new obligations under the Loan will not affect Borrowers duty under the Loan, and Borrower still will be obligated to pay the Loan. Lender may assign all or part of Lenders rights or duties under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents without Borrowers consent. If Lender assigns this Agreement, all of Borrowers Page 20 covenants, agreements, representations and warranties contained in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents will benefit Lenders successors and assigns. Borrower may not assign this Agreement or any of Borrowers rights under this Agreement without Lenders prior written consent. The duties and obligations of Borrower under the Loan Documents will bind Borrowers successors and assigns. __clusterTitleType__17 
 : Debtor hereby represents and warrants to Secured Party as follows : 4 (a)It is a limited liability company with its principal place of business located at the address otherwise set forth herein, and is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Ohio.  (b)Debtor further warrants that its exact legal name is set forth in the initial paragraph of this Agreement, and its Taxpayer I. D. No. is _________, and its Charter No. is 1380041. (c)Exhibit A attached to this Agreement and incorporated herein by reference lists the locations of any and all of the Collateral of Debtor.  __clusterTitleType__17 
  (a)Packaging: Party A shall bear the packaging fees and the packages shall be suitable for long-distance transportation;  3 (b)Marking: Party A shall indicate manufacturer, production batch number, specifications, weight and date of production on the outer package and inner package according to Party Bs requirements;  (c)Place of delivery: the place of delivery shall be the warehouse of Party Bs plant.  (d)Means of delivery: Party A shall be responsible to deliver the Goods to the warehouse of Party Bs plant and bear the transportation and insurance fees therefrom.  __clusterTitleType__17 
 A. Subject to the exceptions noted in this Paragraph, if Company and Employee are unable to resolve any dispute on their own, we agree to resolve the dispute in final and binding arbitration in front of one arbitrator expert in areas relating to the dispute from the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Service (JAMS) in accordance with their then current employment arbitration rules. The venue for the arbitration shall be New York City, New York. B. Excluding any delay caused by JAMS, any arbitration contemplated must be completed within 90 days of the filing of the arbitration demand with JAMS. The arbitration hearing must be completed within a single day and the arbitrator must provide a written opinion specifying the reasons for the decision in writing within 10 business days of the arbitration hearing. C. This provision is self executing and in the event that either party fails to appear at any properly noticed arbitration proceeding, an award may be entered against such party notwithstanding said failure to appear. Any arbitration award shall be enforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction. D. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any claim relating to the validity of any Confidential Information or any other proprietary technology or intellectual property shall not be determined by arbitration, but only by a Federal District Court located in New York City, New York. We also agree that any breach of the obligations under this Agreement which relates to proprietary rights or Confidential Information or which is otherwise not subject to remedy by monetary damages that will cause irreparable harm will be entitled to injunctive relief in addition to all other remedies provided in this Agreement or available at law, in any court of competent jurisdiction. E. Each of us will be responsible for our own legal fees and Company will pay for the actual cost of arbitration. F. We both agree that any claim for arbitration must be submitted to arbitration within the earlier of 12 months of termination of the termination date of employment or 12 months from the date of discovery. Any claim submitted beyond this period we agree is void. G. Employee agrees that the provisions of this Paragraph will apply if Employee has any dispute with any current or former Company employee or board member relating directly or indirectly to Employees employment with the Company. H. This Paragraph will survive termination of this Agreement. 5 of 11 __clusterTitleType__17 
 Employee and the Company understand and acknowledge that Employees employment with the Company constitutes at-will employment, and the employment relationship may be terminated at any time, for any reason, with or without notice. __clusterTitleType__13 
 Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated under this Agreement to make any indemnity in connection with any claim made against Indemnitee: (a) for which payment has actually been made to or on behalf of Indemnitee under any insurance policy or other indemnity provision, except with respect to any excess beyond the amount paid under any insurance policy or other indemnity provision; or (b) for an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of securities of the Company within the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act or similar provisions of state statutory law or common law; or (c) for reimbursement to the Company of any bonus or other incentive-based or equity-based compensation or of any profits realized by Indemnitee from the sale of securities of the Company in each case as required under the Exchange Act; or (d) in connection with any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee, including any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee against the Company or its directors, officers, employees or other indemnitees, unless (i) the Company has joined in or the Board of Directors of the Company authorized the Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) prior to its initiation, (ii) the Company provides the indemnification, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Company under 10 applicable law, or (iii) the Proceeding is one to enforce Indemnitees rights under this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Except as expressly set forth herein, this Amendment shall not by implication or otherwise, alter, modify or amend any of the other terms, conditions, obligations, covenants or agreements contained in the Rights Agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The rights of the Optionee are subject to modification and termination in certain events, as provided in the Plan. 2 __clusterTitleType__5 
 This Agreement may not be modified or amended except by an instrument in writing and signed by the Parties. No term or condition of this Agreement shall be deemed to have been waived, nor shall there be any estoppel against the enforcement of any provision of this Agreement except by written instrument signed by the Party charged with such waiver or estoppel. No such written waiver shall be deemed a continuing waiver unless specifically stated therein, and each such waiver shall operate only as to the specific term or condition waived and shall not constitute a waiver of such term or condition for the future or as to any act other than that specifically waived. __clusterTitleType__8 
 In case: A. the Company shall take a record of the holders of its Common Stock (or other stock or securities at the time receivable upon the exercise of the Warrants) for the purpose of entitling them to receive any dividend or other distribution, or any right to subscribe for or purchase any shares of stock of any class or any other securities, or to receive any other right, or B. of any capital reorganization of the Company, any reclassification of the capital stock of the Company, any consolidation or merger of the Company with or into another corporation, or any conveyance of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company to another corporation, or C. of any voluntary dissolution, liquidation or winding-up of the Company, then, and in each such case, the Company will mail or cause to be mailed to each holder of a Warrant at the time outstanding a notice specifying, as the case may be, (a) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution or right, and stating the amount and character of such dividend, distribution or right, or (b) the date on which such reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger, conveyance, dissolution, liquidation or winding-up is expected to take place, and the time, if any is to be fixed, as of which the holders of record of Common Stock (or such stock or securities at the time receivable upon the exercise of the Warrants) shall be entitled to exchange their shares of Common Stock (or such other stock or securities) for securities or other property deliverable upon such reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger, conveyance, dissolution, liquidation or winding-up, such notice shall be mailed at least ten (10) days prior to the date therein specified. __clusterTitleType__17 
 (a) As of the Amendment Effective Date, each reference in the Credit Agreement to this Agreement, hereunder, hereof, herein, or words of like import, shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement as modified hereby, and this Amendment and the Credit Agreement shall be read together and construed as a single instrument. This Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document. (b) Except as expressly amended hereby, all of the terms and provisions of the Credit Agreement are and shall remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed. (c) The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not, except as expressly provided herein, operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of the Lenders, the Administrative Agent under the Credit Agreement, nor constitute a waiver or amendment of any other provision of the Credit Agreement or for any purpose except as expressly set forth herein. __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Amendment Agreement is limited as specified and shall not constitute a modification, acceptance or waiver of any other provision of the Facilities Agreement, each of which provisions is hereby confirmed in all respects. Each of the parties hereto hereby confirms that the Facilities Agreement, as amended hereby, shall remain in full force and effect. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of each of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. __clusterTitleType__17 
  This Award Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to the choice of law principles thereof. 9 THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY By: Name: Title: PARTICIPANT 10 __clusterTitleType__7 
  According to the Trademark Law and the Implementation Rules, within three months of execution of this agreement, Party A shall file a copy of this agreement with the Trademark Office of State Administration of Industry and Commerce, and Party B shall submit a copy of this agreement to the local Administrative Bureau for Industry and Commerce of the Party Bs domicile for record. Licensor (seal): Daqo Group Co., Ltd. /s/ Guangfu Xu Licensee (seal): Chongqing Daqo New Energy Co., Ltd. /s/ Gongda Yao Licensee (seal): Nanjing Daqo New Energy Co., Ltd. /s/ Gongda Yao Date: May 8, 2009 Appendix One: Serial number Registered trademark Trademark registrant Place of registration Type of commodities permitted to use the trademark Number of certificate of trademark registration Valid until 1 Logo __clusterTitleType__17 
  __clusterTitleType__17 
  In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, each of the Investor and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under this Agreement. The parties agree that monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations described in the foregoing sentence and hereby agrees to waive in any action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate. __clusterTitleType__26 
 All notices and other communications given or made pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given: (a) upon personal delivery to the party to be notified, (b) when sent by confirmed electronic mail or facsimile if sent during normal business hours of the recipient, and if not so confirmed, then on the next business day, (c) five (5) days after having been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (d) one (1) day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, specifying next day delivery, with written verification of receipt. All communications shall be sent: (a) To Indemnitee at the address set forth below Indemnitee signature hereto (b) To the Company at: Generac Holdings Inc. S45 W29290 Hwy. 59 Waukesha, WI 53187 Attention: Chief Executive Officer or to such other address as may have been furnished to Indemnitee by the Company or to the Company by Indemnitee, as the case may be. __clusterTitleType__4 
 Subject to Paragraph 10, each provision of this Agreement shall extend to, bind and inure to the benefit of Debt Owner and Agency and their respective legal representatives, successors, and assigns. __clusterTitleType__20 
 The Executive agrees to remain in the employ of the Company, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, if a Potential Change in Control occurs during the Term and the Executive is then in the employ of the Company, until the earliest of (a) the date which is six (6) months from the date of such Potential Change in Control, (b) the date of a Change in Control, (c) the date of termination by the Executive of the Executive's employment for Good Reason or by reason of death, Disability or Retirement, or (d) the termination by the Company of the Executive's employment for any reason; provided that Executives agreement to remain in the employ of the Company shall be subject to the condition that no adverse change occurs after the Potential Change in Control in his title, duties, responsibilities, authority, reporting relationships, compensation, benefits or indemnification rights. __clusterTitleType__17 
 All notices hereunder will be in writing and sent by certified mail, hand delivery, overnight delivery or fax, if sent to Rodman, to Rodman & Renshaw, LLC, at the address set forth on the first page hereof, fax number (646) 841-1640, Attention: General Counsel, and if sent to the Company, to the address set forth on the first page hereof, fax number (858) 552-0876, Attention: Chief Business Officer. Notices sent by certified mail shall be deemed received five days thereafter, notices sent by hand delivery or overnight delivery shall be deemed received on the date of the relevant written record of receipt, and notices delivered by fax shall be deemed received as of the date and time printed thereon by the fax machine. __clusterTitleType__4 
 In the event that either party hereto is hindered, delayed or prevented by force majeure in the performance of this Agreement, the obligation of the party so affected shall be suspended and proportionally abated during the continuance of the force majeure condition and the party so affected shall not be liable in damages or otherwise for its failure to perform. The term force majeure as used herein shall mean any cause whatsoever beyond the control of either party hereto, including, but not limited to (a) act of God, flood, fire, explosion, war, riot, strike and other labor disturbance; (b) failure in, or inability to obtain on reasonable terms, raw materials, finished products, transportation facilities, storage facilities and/or manufacturing facilities; (c) diminution, nonexistence or redirection of supplies as a result of compliance by CITGO, voluntary or otherwise, with any request, order, requisition or necessity of the government or any governmental officer, agent or representative purporting to act under authority, or with any governmental or industry rationing, allocation or supply program; and (d) CITGOs inability to meet the demand for its products at CITGOs normal and usual source points for supplying Marketer, regardless of whether CITGO may have been forced to divert certain supplies from such source points in order to alleviate shortages at other distribution points. If by reason of any force majeure condition CITGO shall be unable to supply the requirements of all of its customers of any product covered by this Agreement, CITGOs obligation while such condition exists shall, at its option, be reduced to the extent necessary in its sole judgment and discretion to apportion fairly and reasonably among CITGOs customers the amount of product which it is able to supply. Marketer shall not hold CITGO responsible in any manner for any losses or damages which Marketer may claim as a result of any such apportionment. CITGO shall not be required to make up any deficiency in any product not delivered as a result of any such apportionment. In no event shall any force majeure condition affect Marketers obligation to pay for product when due. __clusterTitleType__17 
  11.1The rights and obligations of any individual under the terms of his or her office or employment with any Participating Company shall not be affected by his or her participation in this Plan or any right which he or she may have to participate therein, and an individual who participates therein shall waive any and all rights to compensation or damages in consequence of the termination of his or her office or employment for any reason whatsoever insofar as those rights arise or may arise from his or her ceasing to have rights under any RSU Awards (including Matching RSU Awards) under this Plan as a result of such termination.  11.2In the event of any dispute or disagreement as to the interpretation of this Plan, or as to any question or right arising from or related to this Plan, the decision of the Board shall be final and binding upon all persons.  11.3Any notice or other communication under or in connection with this Plan may be given either:  - 9 - 11.3.1by personal delivery or by sending the same by post, in the case of a company to its registered office, and in the case of an individual to his or her last known address, or, where he or she is a director or employee of a Participating Company, either to his or her last known address or to the address of the place of business at which he or she performs the whole or substantially the whole of the duties of his or her office or employment; or  11.3.2in an electronic communication to an address for the time being notified for that purpose to the person giving the notice.  __clusterTitleType__12 
  No fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant under any circumstances. __clusterTitleType__17 
  The Section headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof. 32 If the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding of our agreement, please sign and return to the Company a counterpart hereof, whereupon this instrument, along with all counterparts, will become a binding agreement among the Underwriters and the Company in accordance with its terms. Very truly yours, IMPERIAL CAPITAL GROUP, INC. By Title: IMPERIAL CAPITAL GROUP, LLC By Title: By [Name of Historic Partner] CONFIRMED AND ACCEPTED, as of the date first above written: MERRILL LYNCH, PIERCE, FENNER &SMITH INCORPORATED JMP SECURITIES LLC IMPERIAL CAPITAL, LLC KEEFE, BRUYETTE & WOODS, INC. SANDLER ONEILL & PARTNERS, L.P. By: MERRILL LYNCH, PIERCE, FENNER &SMITH INCORPORATED By Authorized Signatory For themselves and as Representatives of the other Underwriters named in Schedule A hereto. 33 __clusterTitleType__24 
  7.1The delivery of RSU Shares subject to an Allocation shall be effected in such form and manner as the Board from time to time prescribe and may be subject to such vesting conditions as the Board may in its absolute discretion determine at the time of award.  7.2Subject to Rules 7. 3, 7.4, 7.5, 7.7 and Rule 8, RSU Shares subject to an Allocation may not be delivered prior to the Vesting Date. 7.3If any Participant dies before the Vesting Date and at a time when he is an Employee (or entitled to receive RSU Shares subject to Allocations by virtue of Rule 7. 4 below) RSU Shares subject to any Allocation shall be delivered to his or her personal representatives as soon as practicable following his or her death. 7.4If any Participant ceases to be an Employee by reason of Permanent Disability, Retirement or Redundancy before the Vesting Date RSU Shares subject to any Allocation shall be delivered to him as soon as is practicable following such cessation.  7.5If a Participant ceases to be an Employee otherwise than as mentioned in Rules 7. 3 to 7.4 above, no RSU Shares shall be delivered to him or her, unless the Board shall so permit in which event the Board may in its absolute discretion determine the number of RSU Shares which may be so acquired or delivered. 7.6A Participant shall not be treated for the purposes of Rules 7.4 and 7.5 as ceasing to be an Employee until such time as he or she is no longer a director or employee of any of the Participating Companies . 7.7The Company shall allot or procure the transfer to a Participant (or a nominee for him or her) of the RSU Shares to which he is entitled, provided that:-  7.7.1the Board considers that the allotment or transfer thereof would be lawful in all relevant jurisdictions; or  - 7 - 7.7.2in any case where a Participating Company is obliged (or would suffer disadvantage if it were not to) to account for any tax (in any jurisdiction) for which the person in question is liable by virtue of the receipt of shares and/or for any social security contributions recoverable from the person in question (together, the Tax Liability), that person has either:  (a)made a payment to the Participating Company of an amount of equal to the Tax Liability; or  (b)entered into arrangements acceptable to that or another Participating Company to secure that such a payment is made (whether by authorising the sale of some or all of the Shares on his or her behalf and the payment to the Participating Company of the relevant amount out of the proceeds of sale or otherwise).  __clusterTitleType__17 
 Descriptive headings of the several Sections of this Amendment are inserted for convenience only and shall not control or affect the meaning or construction of any of the provisions. __clusterTitleType__24 
 The period of time during which Landlord is prevented or delayed in the performance of the making of any improvements or repairs or fulfilling any obligation required under this Lease due to delays caused by fire, catastrophe, strikes, or labor trouble, civil commotion, weather, labor delays, acts of God or the public enemy, govern mental prohibitions or regulations, or inability or difficulty to obtain material, or other causes beyond Landlord's control, shall be added to Landlord's time for performance thereof, and Landlord shall have no liability by reason thereof. __clusterTitleType__17 
 10.1 Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties with regard to the subjects hereof. 10.2 Notices. Any notice required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally to the party to whom it is addressed or when deposited into the United States Mail as registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to the Company, Attention: Corporate Secretary, at its principal executive offices or to Recipient at the address of Recipient in the Companys records, or at such other address as such party may designate by ten (10) days advance written notice to the other party. 10.3 Assignment; Rights and Benefits. Recipient shall not assign this Agreement or any rights hereunder to any other party or parties without the prior written consent of the Company. The rights and benefits of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Companys successors and assigns and, subject to the foregoing restriction on assignment, be binding upon Recipients heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns. 10.4 Further Action. The parties agree to execute such instruments and to take such action as may reasonably be necessary to carry out the intent of this Agreement. 10.5 Applicable Law; Attorneys Fees. The terms and conditions of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Oregon. In the event either party institutes litigation hereunder, the prevailing party shall be entitled to reasonable attorneys fees to be set by the trial court and, upon any appeal, the appellate court. SCHNITZER STEEL INDUSTRIES, INC. By Title 8 __clusterTitleType__12 
  The Stock Units granted pursuant to this Award, whether or not vested, will not confer any voting rights upon the Participant, unless and until the Award is paid in Shares. __clusterTitleType__13 
 This Option may not be exercised if the issuance of such Shares upon such exercise or the method of payment of consideration for such shares would constitute a violation of any Applicable Law. __clusterTitleType__17 
 This agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of, the Employee and the Company and their respective successors and permitted assigns. __clusterTitleType__17 
 It is agreed and understood that this Agreement contains the entire understanding of the parties and that, with the exception of various plan documents pertaining to the various benefit plans referenced throughout this Agreement, there are no additional or other promises, representations, terms or provisions applicable to the parties other than those expressly contained herein, and that all prior negotiations and agreements are merged and integrated into this Agreement. Except to the extent preempted by federal law, Texas law shall be applicable to this Agreement. This Agreement shall not be modified except in writing by each of the parties, which writing shall specifically reference this Agreement. If any part of this Agreement is found invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of the Agreement shall not be affected. __clusterTitleType__17 
 If, for any reason, any one or more of the provisions or part of a provision contained in the Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such validity, illegality, or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision or part of a provision of this Agreement not held so invalid, illegal or unenforceable, and each other provision or part of a provision shall, to the full extent consistent with law, continue in full force and effect. __clusterTitleType__14 
 Optionee acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and represents that he or she is familiar with the terms and provisions thereof, and hereby accepts the Option granted hereunder subject to all of the terms and provisions thereof. Optionee has reviewed the Plan and this Option Agreement in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this Option Agreement and fully understands all provisions of this Option Agreement. Optionee hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Plan Administrator on any questions arising under the Plan or this Option Agreement. Optionee further agrees to notify the Corporation upon any change in the residence address indicated below. ABAKAN INC. By: /s/ Robert Miller Name: Robert Miller Title: On Behalf of the Board of Directors OPTIONEE By: /s/ Maria Maz Prosper Financial Inc. Name: Maria Maz Title: President 26 __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Amendment (a) supersedes all prior oral or written communications and agreement between or among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and (b) may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which, when taken together, shall constitute a single instrument and may be delivered by facsimile transmission, and any such facsimile transmitted Amendment shall have the same force and effect, and be as binding, as if original signatures had been delivered. As modified hereby, all the terms of the Contract are hereby ratified and confirmed and shall continue in full force and effect. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Amendment as of the date and year hereinabove written. Seller: CCIP/3 SANDPIPER, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company By:  CONSOLIDATED CAPITAL INSTITUTIONAL PROPERTIES/3, LP, a Delaware limited partnership, its member By: CONCAP EQUITIES, INC., a Delaware corporation, its general partner By: /s/John Spiegleman Name: John Spiegleman Title: Senior Vice President Purchaser: DT GROUP DEVELOPMENT, INC, a California corporation By: /s/Dan Markel Name: Dan Markel Title: President and CEO EXHIBIT A Wire Instructions Bank: Wachovia (Charlotte, NC) ABA #: 053-000-219 Account Number: 2000010968907 Account Name: AIMCO Properties Partnership Concentration Account Reference: CCIP/3 Sandpiper, LLC - 005681 sale deposit __clusterTitleType__12 
 The Manager shall establish and maintain one or more bank accounts in its own name or in the name of the Company, and shall collect and deposit into the account or accounts and disburse therefrom any monies on behalf of the Company; provided that no funds in any account shall be commingled with any funds of the Manager or any other person or entity. The Manager shall from time to time, or at any time requested by the Trustees, render an appropriate accounting of collections and payments to the Trustees and to the auditors of the Company. __clusterTitleType__17 
 You may not transfer or assign the Rights, other than (i) by will or the laws of descent or distribution or (ii) to the extent specifically permitted by action of the Committee and communicated to you in writing, to a Permitted Transferee (as defined in the Plan). __clusterTitleType__17 
  8.1The Subscriber has acknowledged that the decision to acquire the Securities was solely made on the basis of publicly available information.  The Subscriber hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any rights of withdrawal, rescission or compensation for damages to which the Subscriber might be entitled in connection with the distribution of any of the Securities. __clusterTitleType__8 
 This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon Executives personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees. If Executive should die while any amounts would still be payable to him hereunder, all such amounts, unless otherwise provided herein, shall be paid in accordance with the terms of this Agreement to Executives spouse, or if is spouse does not survive him, to Executives estate. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and assigns of the Company, including, without limitation, any person acquiring directly or indirectly all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, whether by merger, consolidation, sale or otherwise (and such successor shall thereafter be 7 deemed the Company for the purposes of this Agreement). The Company shall require any such successor to assume and agree to perform this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__20 
 __clusterTitleType__17 
 During the term of the Executive's employment hereunder, the Company, upon the submission of proper substantiation by the Executive, shall reimburse the Executive for all reasonable expenses actually and necessarily paid or incurred by the Executive in the course of and pursuant to the business of the Company. The payments will be made within ten (10) days after the Executive provides the Company with an itemized statement of all charges. __clusterTitleType__17 
 All Securities surrendered for payment, redemption or registration of transfer or exchange, or for credit against any sinking fund payment, shall, if surrendered to any Person other than the Trustee, be delivered to the Trustee for cancellation. The Company may at any time deliver to the Trustee for cancellation any Securities previously authenticated and delivered hereunder which the Company may have acquired in any manner whatsoever, and may deliver to the Trustee (or to any other Person for delivery to the Trustee) for cancellation any Securities previously authenticated hereunder which the Company has not issued and sold. The Registrar and the Paying Agent shall forward to the Trustee any Securities surrendered to them for transfer, exchange or payment. The Trustee or, at the direction of the Trustee, the Registrar or the Paying Agent, and no one else, shall cancel, and at the written request of the Company shall dispose of, all Securities surrendered for transfer, exchange, payment or cancellation. If the Company shall acquire any of the Securities, such acquisition shall not operate as a redemption or satisfaction of the Indebtedness represented by such Securities unless and until the same are surrendered to the Trustee for cancellation pursuant to this Section 2.12. No Securities shall be authenticated in lieu of or in exchange for any Securities cancelled as provided in this Section 2.12, except as expressly permitted by this Indenture. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Notwithstanding anything in the Agreement, SunTrust will not be required to comply with any term or condition of the Agreement if and to the extent prohibited by law, including but not limited to federal banking and securities regulations, or as otherwise directed by one or more regulatory agencies having jurisdiction over SunTrust or any of its subsidiaries. In particular, SunTrust shall have the right to refuse to pay any amount or under this Salary Agreement if SunTrust acting in its absolute discretion determines that the payment of such amount, issuance or transfer of such Stock might violate any applicable law or regulation. 2 __clusterTitleType__17 
 All shares of Common Stock issued upon the exercise of this Warrant, assuming payment of the Applicable Exercise Price and otherwise exercised by the Holder in accordance with the terms of this Warrant, shall be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and the Company shall pay all taxes and other governmental charges (other than income taxes to the holder) that may be imposed in respect of the issue or delivery thereof. __clusterTitleType__2 
 The parties to this Separation Agreement and General Release (Agreement) are: a. Philip J. b. Savvis, Inc (Company). __clusterTitleType__17 
 In consideration of Lenders agreements herein, Borrower and PCM hereby agree to jointly and severally indemnify, defend and hold Lender and Lenders Affiliates harmless from and against any and all losses, damages, costs, claims, expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees) and liabilities to third parties growing out of or resulting from any real, personal, or intangible property owned or serviced by Borrower or PCM or which was ever an Asset under the Loan Agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
 To convert any Conversion Amount into shares of Common Stock, the Holder shall surrender this original Debenture along with an executed conversion notice in the form attached hereto (the Conversion Notice) to an overnight courier for delivery to the Company (or an affidavit of lost Debenture and indemnification undertaking with respect to this Debenture in the case of its loss, theft or destruction). The date that the Company receives the original Debenture and executed Conversion Notice is referred to herein as the Conversion Date. On or before the fifth (5th) Business Day following the Conversion Date (the "Share Delivery Date"), the Company shall (X) provided that the Companys transfer agent (the Transfer Agent) is participating in the Depository Trust Company ("DTC") Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program, credit such aggregate number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder shall be entitled to the Holder's or its designee's balance account with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system or (Y) if the Transfer Agent is not participating in the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program, issue and deliver to the address as specified in the Conversion Notice, a certificate, registered in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder shall be entitled. The Person or Persons entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon a conversion of this Debenture shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock on the Conversion Date. __clusterTitleType__17 
  12.1This Subscription Agreement is governed by the laws of the Province of British Columbia.  __clusterTitleType__7 
 Each Shareholder irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that such Shareholder shall, at any meeting (whether annual or special and whether or not an adjourned or postponed meeting) of the holders of Shares, however called (each, a Company Shareholders Meeting): (a) be present, in person or represented by proxy, or otherwise cause such Shareholders Subject Shares to be counted for purposes of determining the presence of a quorum at such meeting (to the fullest extent that such Subject Shares may be counted for quorum purposes under applicable Law); and (b) vote (or cause to be voted) with respect to all such Shareholders Subject Shares to the fullest extent that such Subject Shares are entitled to be voted at the time of any vote: (i) in favor of (1) the approval of the Merger Agreement, (2) without limitation of the preceding clause (1), the approval of any proposal to adjourn or postpone the Company Shareholders Meeting to a later date if there are not sufficient votes for approval of the Merger Agreement on the date on which the Company Shareholders Meeting is held and (3) any other matter necessary for consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, which is considered at any such Company Shareholders Meeting; and (ii) against (1) any action (including any amendment to the Companys certificate of incorporation or bylaws, as in effect on the date hereof), agreement or transaction that would reasonably be expected to frustrate the purposes of, impede, hinder, interfere with, nullify, prevent, delay or adversely affect, in each case in any material respect, the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, (2) any Takeover Proposal and any action in furtherance of any Takeover Proposal, (3) any merger, acquisition, sale, consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, extraordinary dividend, dissolution, liquidation or winding up of or by the Company, or any other extraordinary transaction involving the Company (other than the Merger), (4) any action, proposal, transaction or agreement that would reasonably be expected to result in a breach, in any material respect, of any covenant, representation or warranty or any other obligation or agreement of such Shareholder under this Agreement and (5) any other action, proposal, transaction or agreement that would reasonably be expected to result in the failure of any condition to the Merger to be satisfied. __clusterTitleType__17 
 If any representation or warranty of the Investor contained in Section 3 of this Agreement shall not be true prior to acceptance of this Agreement, and written notice of such fact has been given by the Investor to the Company, then and in any such event this Agreement shall be null and void and of no further force and effect, and no party shall have any rights against any other party under this Agreement or otherwise, and the Company shall promptly return to the Investor the Funds together with all agreements executed by the Investor. __clusterTitleType__5 
 (a) The failure of a Party hereto at any time or times to require performance of any provision hereof shall in no manner affect its right at a later time to enforce the same. (b) No waiver by a Party of any condition or of any breach of any term, covenant, representation or warranty contained in this Agreement shall be effective unless in writing, and no waiver in any one or more instances shall be deemed to be a further or continuing waiver of any such condition or breach in other instances or a waiver of any other condition or breach of any other term, covenant, representation or warranty. __clusterTitleType__17 
 From time to time after the date of this Assumption Reinsurance Agreement, as Required Assumption Approvals are received, the Company hereby cedes to the Reinsurer and the Reinsurer hereby assumes, by means of assumption reinsurance, all of the contractual rights, obligations, liabilities and risks of the Company under or with respect to each Policy. The parties intend to accomplish, where permitted, as soon as practicable with respect to each jurisdiction in which the Policies have been issued, transfers of the Company's contractual rights, obligations, liabilities and risks with respect to such Policies, with the result that the Reinsurer, as transferee, in all respects and conditions, shall succeed the Company as the insurer under the terms and provisions of each of such Policies, as though the Reinsurer had originally issued them, and to transfer to the Reinsurer, as administrator, full and complete responsibility for servicing and administering such Policies in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Assumption Reinsurance Agreement and the Policies. No additional monetary consideration shall be due from the Reinsurer to the Company or from the Company to the Reinsurer upon the assumption of any Policies, and no additional reserves shall be transferred by the Company to the Reinsure in connection therewith. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Except as expressly amended hereby, the Indenture is in all respects ratified and confirmed and all the terms, conditions and provisions thereof shall remain in full force and effect. This FirstSupplemental Indenture shall form a part of the Indenture for all purposes, and every Holder of Notes heretofore or hereafter authenticated and delivered shall be bound hereby. The Trustee makes no representation or warranty as to the validity or sufficiency of this FirstSupplemental Indenture. __clusterTitleType__17 
 During the period of your employment with Dole or a Dole subsidiary, you shall not, directly or indirectly, without the prior written consent of Dole: 1) own, manage, operate, join, control, be employed by, consult with or participate in the ownership, management, operation or control of, or be connected with (as a stockholder, partner, or otherwise), 2) any business, individual, partner, firm, corporation or other entity that competes, directly or indirectly, with Dole; 3) provided, however, that your beneficial ownership (as that term is defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), either individually or as a member of a group for purposes of Section 13(d)(3) under the Exchange Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder, of not more than two percent (2%) of the voting stock of any publicly-held corporation shall not be a violation of this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The validity, construction and effect of this Agreement shall be determined in accordance with the laws of the State of Maryland without giving effect to conflicts of laws principles. __clusterTitleType__7 
  Except as otherwise provided by the DGCL or in a resolution of the Board adopted pursuant to the Corporations Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and these Bylaws establishing a series of Preferred Stock, at each meeting of stockholders, each holder of shares of the Corporations Class A Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share (Class A Common Stock), shall be entitled to one (1) vote for each such share, and each holder of the Corporations Class B Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share (Class B Common Stock, and together with the Class A Common Stock, the Common Stock), shall be entitled to the number of votes as calculated in accordance with Section 3(a)(2) of Article Four of the Corporations Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation for each such share, standing in such holders name on the stock records of the Corporation maintained in accordance with Article VII, Section 1 hereof (i) at the time fixed pursuant to Article VII, Section 4 of these Bylaws as the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting, or (ii) if no such record date shall have been fixed, then at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice thereof shall be given. At each meeting of stockholders, all matters (except as otherwise provided in these Bylaws and except in cases where a larger vote is required by law or by the Corporations Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws) shall be decided by a majority of the votes cast at such meeting by the holders of shares of capital stock present or represented by proxy and entitled to vote thereon, a quorum being present. __clusterTitleType__13 
 The Depositary may appoint and remove (i) co-registrars to register ADRs and transfers, combinations and split-ups of ADRs and to countersign ADRs in accordance with the terms of any such appointment and (ii) co-transfer agents for the purpose of effecting transfers, combinations and split-ups of ADRs at designated transfer offices in addition to the Transfer Office on behalf of the Depositary. Each co-registrar or co-transfer agent (other than JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.) shall give notice in writing to the Company and the Depositary accepting such appointment and agreeing to be bound by the applicable terms of this Deposit Agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Each Shareholder hereby revokes (or agrees to cause to be revoked) any proxies that such Shareholder has heretofore granted with respect to such Shareholders Subject Shares. Each Shareholder hereby irrevocably appoints Parent, and any individual designated in writing by Parent, and each of them individually, as attorney-in-fact and proxy for and on behalf of such Shareholder, for and in the name, place and stead of such Shareholder, to: (a) attend any and all Company Shareholders Meetings, (b) vote, express consent or dissent or issue instructions to the record holder to vote such Shareholders Subject Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 1.1 at any and all Company Shareholders Meetings or in connection with any action sought to be taken by written consent of the shareholders of the Company without a meeting and (c) grant or withhold, or issue instructions to the record holder to grant or withhold, consistent with the provisions of Section 1.1, all written consents with respect to the Subject Shares at any and all Company Shareholders Meetings or in connection with any action sought to be taken by written consent without a meeting. Parent (or its designee) agrees not to exercise the proxy granted herein for any purpose other than the purposes described in this Agreement. The foregoing proxy shall be deemed to be a proxy coupled with an interest, is irrevocable (and as such shall survive and not be affected by the death, incapacity, mental illness or insanity of such Shareholder, as applicable) until the termination of the Merger Agreement and shall not be terminated by operation of Law or upon the occurrence of any other event other than the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 4.2. Each Shareholder authorizes such attorney and proxy to substitute any other Person to act hereunder, to revoke any substitution and to file this proxy and any substitution or revocation with the secretary of the Company. Each Shareholder hereby affirms that the proxy set forth in this Section 1.4 is given in connection with and granted in consideration of and as an inducement to Parent and Merger Sub to enter into the Merger Agreement and that such proxy is given to secure the obligations of the Shareholder under Section 1.1. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Note shall bear interest (Interest) equal to five (5%) percent per annum on the unpaid principal balance, computed on a three hundred and sixty-five (365) day year, during the term of the Note. The Maker shall pay all Interest. In no event shall the rate of Interest payable on this Note exceed the maximum rate of interest permitted to be charged under applicable law. __clusterTitleType__17 
  Subject to certain exceptions set forth in the Indenture, (i) the Indenture and the Notes may be amended or supplemented with the written consent of the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding and (ii) any existing default or noncompliance with any provision of the Indenture and the Notes may be waived with the consent of the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. Subject to certain exceptions set forth in the Indenture, without the consent of any Noteholder, the Issuer and the Trustee may amend or supplement the Indenture and the Notes (i) to cure any ambiguity, omission, mistake, defect or inconsistency, (ii) to provide for uncertificated Notes in addition to or in place of certificated Notes (provided that the uncertificated Notes are issued in registered form for purposes of Section 163(f) of the Code, or in a manner such that the uncertificated Notes are described in Section 163(f)(2)(B) of the Code), (iii) to provide for the assumption of the Issuers obligations to Holders in the case of a merger, consolidation or sale of assets in accordance with Article V of the Indenture, (iv) to make any change that would provide any additional rights or benefits to the Holders (including additional covenants, events of default, guarantees or security) or that, as determined by the Board of Directors of the Issuer in good faith, does not materially adversely affect the legal rights of any such Holder under the Indenture or the Notes, (v) to comply with requirements of the SEC in order to effect or maintain the qualification of this Indenture under the TIA and (vi) to evidence and provide for the acceptance and appointment under this Indenture of a successor Trustee pursuant to the terms of this Indenture. A-7 __clusterTitleType__8 
 Seller and Purchaser agree to work together to secure most favorable shipping cost(s) and delivery date(s) of Equipment to the Port of Cartagena, Colombia. It is anticipated that the origination port may be Port Everglade, FL, but this is subject to modification by mutual agreement of Seller and Buyer. Seller agrees that it is its sole responsibility and liability for delivery of Equipment to the shipping agency, together with proper completion of all required forms and paperwork. Upon acceptance of shipping terms, Purchaser agrees to make payment for cost of shipping and insurance as required. Seller understands and agrees that time is of the essence in delivery of Equipment and will take all reasonable steps to insure same. Seller and Purchaser agrees that the date of March 1, 2010 is target date for the completion of the equipment. Delivery to the port will follow immediately thereafter. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Optionee understands that the Option and the Shares may be offered and sold in reliance on one or more exemptions from the registration requirements of federal and state securities laws, which exemptions may include, without limitation, Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act, and that the Company is relying upon the truth and accuracy of the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings of Optionee set forth herein in order to determine the applicability of such exemptions and the suitability of Optionee to acquire the Option and the Shares. The representations, warranties and agreements contained herein are true and correct as of the date hereof and may be relied upon by the Company and Optionee will notify the Company immediately of any adverse change in any such representations and warranties which may occur prior to the issuance of Shares. The representations, warranties and agreements of Optionee contained herein shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the exercise of the Option and the issuance of the Shares. __clusterTitleType__17 
  __clusterTitleType__17 
 8.1 Upon arrival of the goods at Party As warehouse, Party A will make inspection based on the quality standards in Attachment I. Inspection method, inspection instruments and reagents are in conformity with the domestic and overseas industry standards. In case of any quality objection, Party A shall inform Party B by fax within 15 days from the day the goods leave Party Bs warehouse. If no written notice is received Party A within 15 days, the goods are deemed qualified. Upon receipt of such notice, Party B shall forthwith assign persons to take the sample together with Party As representative and deliver them through express mail to an independent inspection institution acceptable to both parties for re-inspection, which shall be the final result. The expenses thus incurred shall be borne by the party whose opinion is untenable. If the inspection result upholds Party As opinion, Party A shall be entitled to request for return or replacement of goods and Party B shall bear the direct expenses arising therefrom, including freight, warehousing expenses, labor cost, etc. 8.2 Since the inspection by Party A is a sample inspection, which means inspection over part of the goods or inspection and/or test over part of the performances of part of the goods, passing such inspection and/or test does not mean that all the products comply with all quality requirements and does not exempt Party B from its responsibility for quality compliance. __clusterTitleType__17 
 All expenses incurred in connection with registrations, filings or qualifications pursuant to Sections 2 and 3, including, without limitation, all registration, listing and qualifications fees, printers, legal and accounting fees shall be paid by the Company. __clusterTitleType__23 
 (a)As of the date hereof, certificates representing the Restricted Shares shall be registered in the name of the Grantee and held by the Company or transferred to a custodian appointed by the Company for the account of the Grantee subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and shall remain in the custody of the Company or such custodian until their delivery to the Grantee or Grantees beneficiary or estate as set forth in Sections 4(b) and (c) hereof or their reversion to the Company as set forth in Section 2(b) hereof. 2 (b)Certificates representing Restricted Shares in respect of which the Restricted Period has lapsed pursuant to this Agreement shall be delivered to the Grantee upon request following the date on which the restrictions on such Restricted Shares lapse. (c)Certificates representing Restricted Shares in respect of which the Restricted Period lapsed upon the Grantees death shall be delivered to the executors or administrators of the Grantees estate as soon as practicable following the receipt of proof of the Grantees death satisfactory to the Company. (d)Each certificate representing Restricted Shares shall bear a legend in substantially the following form or substance: THIS CERTIFICATE AND THE SHARES OF STOCK REPRESENTED HEREBY ARE SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS (INCLUDING FORFEITURE AND RESTRICTIONS AGAINST TRANSFER) CONTAINED IN THE RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT (THE AGREEMENT) BETWEEN THE OWNER OF THE RESTRICTED STOCK REPRESENTED HEREBY AND EDUCATION REALTY TRUST, INC. (THE COMPANY). THE RELEASE OF SUCH SHARES FROM SUCH TERMS AND CONDITIONS SHALL BE MADE ONLY IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS OF THE AGREEMENT AND ALL OTHER APPLICABLE POLICIES AND PROCEDURES OF THE COMPANY, COPIES OF WHICH ARE ON FILE AT THE COMPANY. __clusterTitleType__17 
 (a) The Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Deed and assumed the obligations imposed on it hereby in order to induce Indemnitee to serve as a director, secretary, officer or executive of the Company, and the Company acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying upon this Deed in serving as a director, secretary, officer or executive of the Company. (b) This Deed constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral, written and implied, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof; provided, however, that this Deed is a supplement to and in furtherance of the Articles, applicable law and any applicable insurance maintained for the benefit of Indemnitee, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Holder represents and warrants to the Company that: (a) Holder has all requisite legal and corporate or other power and capacity and has taken all requisite corporate or other action to execute and deliver this Agreement, and to carry out and perform all of its obligations under this Agreement; and (b) this Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Holder, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, or similar laws relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally and (ii) as limited by equitable principles generally. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Quality of goods means that the goods shall meet the provisions hereunder as well as domestic and overseas industry standards in terms of performance, specifications, appearance, material, manufacturing, workmanship, etc. Please refer to Attachment I for relevant quality standards. Party B shall provide its formal test report for each batch of goods, which includes at least the specifications in Attachment I and shall be affixed with Party Bs official seal. Party B shall also provide its test report for trial-production and initial batch of products. __clusterTitleType__17 
 As set forth in Appendix 1 attached hereto, the Rights may be affected in the event of a Change of Control or going private transaction (each as defined in Appendix 1 attached hereto). __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Board shall be invested with the responsibility for the administration of the Plan; provided, however, that the Board may appoint a Committee which shall be invested with the responsibility for the administration of the Plan; provided further, however, that at such time, if ever, that the Company becomes subject to the Exchange Act, the Board shall appoint a Committee, which shall consist of not less than two (2) outside directors as defined in Treasury Regulation 1.162-27 who shall also qualify as disinterested directors within the meaning of Rule 16b-3, which shall be invested with the responsibility for the administration of the Plan; provided further, however, that the failure to appoint a Committee satisfying the foregoing requirement shall not effect the validity of any Options granted under the Plan. Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Committee shall have full authority, in its discretion, to determine the Participants to whom Awards shall be granted, the number of Shares to be covered by each of the Awards, and the terms of any such Award; to amend or cancel Awards (subject to Section 19 of the Plan); to accelerate the vesting of Awards; to require the cancellation or surrender of any previously granted awards under this Plan or any other plans of the Company as a condition to the granting of an Award; to interpret the Plan; to prescribe, amend and rescind rules and regulations relating to the Plan; and generally to interpret and determine any and all matters whatsoever relating to the administration of the Plan and the granting of Awards hereunder. The Board may from time to time appoint members to the Committee in substitution for or in addition to members previously appointed and may fill vacancies, however caused, in the Committee. The Committee shall select one of its members as its chairman and shall hold its meetings at such times and places as it shall deem advisable. A majority of its members shall constitute a quorum. Any action of the Committee may be taken by a written instrument signed by all of the members, and any action so taken shall be fully as effective as if it had been taken by a vote of a majority of the members at a meeting duly called and held. The Committee shall make such rules and regulations for the conduct of its business as it shall deem advisable and shall appoint a Secretary who shall keep minutes of its meetings and records of all action taken in writing without a meeting. No member of the Committee shall be liable, in the absence of bad faith, for any act or omission with respect to his or her service on the Committee. __clusterTitleType__17 
  Orwell shall have the right to inject and withdraw one hundred percent of its daily contract demand if necessary to meet its firm capacity requirements. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Marketing agrees that Orwell may on any day during a minimum period of five months out of each twelve-month period of the release call upon Marketing to deliver to Orwell one-hundred percent of the daily contract demand for storage injections or withdrawals. The price of the natural gas so delivered shall be as specified in the GSA. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Headings in this Transfer Agreement are for convenience only and shall not be used to interpret or construe its provisions. 2 __clusterTitleType__24 
 1.Appointment Information  When making an appointment for delivery, the vendor will be responsible for supplying the following information:  A.OReilly Auto Parts purchase order number(s)  B.Carrier  C.Pallet count  D.Number of trailers, if applicable  E.Requested day/time of delivery  2.Appointment Changes  Once an appointment has been made, the vendor shall notify the receiving office immediately if there are any changes regarding the information in Section A. 1 above. Failure by the vendor to notify the receiving office will result in the assessment of financial penalty of $[*] per occurrence. 3.Appointment Rescheduling  If an appointment cannot be kept for any reason, the OReilly Auto Parts receiving office must be notified by vendor at least 12 hours (during regular business hours) prior to the scheduled time.  Failure by vendor to notify the receiving office will result in financial penalty of $[*] per occurrence. 4.Missed Appointments  All missed appointments will result in financial penalty of $[*] per occurrence.  An appointment is defined as missed if the actual delivery time is one hour or more later than the scheduled appointment time. __clusterTitleType__17 
  METHOD OF PAYMENT (CHECK ONE) Check or bank draft drawn against a U.S. bank, payable to American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC, as Subscription Agent. Wire transfer of immediately available funds directly to the account maintained by American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC, as Subscription Agent, for purposes of accepting subscriptions in this Rights Offering at JPMorgan Chase Bank, 55 Water Street, New York, New York 10005, ABA #021000021, Account # 323-053807 Reference: Lighting Science Rights Offer. SECTION 2DELIVERY TO DIFFERENT ADDRESS To have the certificates representing the shares of Series D Preferred Stock and Warrant(s), which comprise the Units subscribed for, sent to an address other than that shown on the face of this Subscription Rights Certificate, complete this Section 2. SECTION 3SIGNATURE TO SUBSCRIBE: I acknowledge that I have received the Prospectus for this rights offering and I hereby irrevocably subscribe for the number of Units indicated above on the terms and conditions specified in the Prospectus. Signature(s): IMPORTANT: The signature(s) must correspond with the name(s) as printed on the reverse of this Subscription Rights Certificate in every particular, without alteration or enlargement, or any other change whatsoever. If signature is by trustee(s), executor(s), administrator(s), guardian(s), attorney(s)-in-fact, agent(s), officer(s) of a corporation or another acting in a fiduciary or representative capacity, please provide the following information: Name: Capacity (full title): Social Security / Tax ID No: SECTION 4SIGNATURE GUARANTEE This form must be completed if you have completed any portion of Section 2. Signature Guaranteed: (Name of Bank or Firm) By: (Signature of Officer) IMPORTANT: The signature(s) should be guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution (bank, stock broker, savings & loan association or credit union) with membership in an approved signature guarantee medallion program pursuant to Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 17Ad-15. FOR A MORE COMPLETE DESCRIPTION OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, PLEASE REFER TO THE PROSPECTUS IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS, YOU SHOULD CONTACT THE COMPANY BY EMAIL AT ROSD@LSGC.COM OR TELEPHONE AT (321) 779-5520 __clusterTitleType__17 
  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the State of New York, USA, without regard to the conflicts of law principles. __clusterTitleType__7 
 It is agreed that time is of the essence of this Note and in the event of default of the terms of this Note, the Maker agrees to pay all costs of collection or enforcement, including reasonable attorneys fees and if there is a default in payment of any sum due hereunder. __clusterTitleType__17 
 __clusterTitleType__17 
 Each Shareholder irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that such Shareholder shall, at any meeting (whether annual or special and whether or not an adjourned or postponed meeting) of the holders of Shares, however called (each, a Company Shareholders Meeting): (a) be present, in person or represented by proxy, or otherwise cause such Shareholders Subject Shares to be counted for purposes of determining the presence of a quorum at such meeting (to the fullest extent that such Subject Shares may be counted for quorum purposes under applicable Law); and (b) vote (or cause to be voted) with respect to all such Shareholders Subject Shares to the fullest extent that such Subject Shares are entitled to be voted at the time of any vote: (i) in favor of (1) the approval of the Merger Agreement, (2) without limitation of the preceding clause (1), the approval of any proposal to adjourn or postpone the Company Shareholders Meeting to a later date if there are not sufficient votes for approval of the Merger Agreement on the date on which the Company Shareholders Meeting is held and (3) any other matter necessary for consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, which is considered at any such Company Shareholders Meeting; and (ii) against (1) any action (including any amendment to the Companys certificate of incorporation or bylaws, as in effect on the date hereof), agreement or transaction that would reasonably be expected to frustrate the purposes of, impede, hinder, interfere with, nullify, prevent, delay or adversely affect, in each case in any material respect, the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, (2) any Takeover Proposal and any action in furtherance of any Takeover Proposal, (3) any merger, acquisition, sale, consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, extraordinary dividend, dissolution, liquidation or winding up of or by the Company, or any other extraordinary transaction involving the Company (other than the Merger), (4) any action, proposal, transaction or agreement that would reasonably be expected to result in a breach, in any material respect, of any covenant, representation or warranty or any other obligation or agreement of such Shareholder under this Agreement and (5) any other action, proposal, transaction or agreement that would reasonably be expected to result in the failure of any condition to the Merger to be satisfied. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Subject to the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, Owners hereby continue to engage Managing Agent to provide the property management and administrative services with respect to the Managed Premises contemplated by this Agreement. Managing Agent hereby accepts such continued engagement as managing agent and agrees to devote such time, attention and effort as may be appropriate to operate and manage the Managed Premises in a diligent, orderly and efficient manner. Managing Agent may subcontract out some or all of its obligations hereunder to third party managers; provided, however, that, in any such event, Managing Agent shall be and remain primarily liable to Owners for performance hereunder. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, the services to be provided by Managing Agent hereunder shall exclude all services (including, without limitation, any garage management or cafeteria management services) whose performance by a manager to any Owner could give rise to an Owner's receipt of "impermissible tenant service income" as defined in 856(d)(7) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as amended or superseded hereafter) or could in any other way jeopardize an Owner's federal or state tax qualification as a real estate investment trust. Managing Agent shall not perform any such service and if, in the event Managing Agent shall inadvertently perform any such service, no compensation therefor shall be paid or payable hereunder. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Director or Directors may participate in any meeting of the Board of Directors , or of any committee appointed by the Board of Directors of which such Director or Directors are members , by means of conference telephone , video conference or similar communication equipment by way of which all persons participating in such meeting can hear each other and such participation shall be deemed to constitute presence in person at the meeting . __clusterTitleType__17 
 All notices by either party to the other provided for in this Lease shall be in writing and shall be sent by Certified or Registered Mail, return receipt requested, or Express Mail, Federal Express or other similar form of delivery where proof of delivery is available addressed to Tenant at Tenant's address, and addressed to Landlord at Landlord's address, or to such other address as may be designated by either party to the other by like notice, and the date on which such notice is deposited in the United States Mail, postage prepaid, shall be the date of the giving of such notice. Any bill, statement or communication, other than notices provided for in this Lease, which Landlord may give to Tenant, shall be sufficiently given if delivered to Tenant personally or left at the Demised Premises with a person of suitable discretion or sent by mail addressed to Tenant at the Demised Premises or the last known address of Tenant, and the date of such service or deposit in the mail shall be deemed the date of the rendition of any such bill, statement or communication. Boomerange Lease 4.13.09 Page 21 of 35 __clusterTitleType__4 
 25 (a)Survival Period.  Each party represents and warrants that all of the representations and warranties made by such party are true, correct and complete as of the date hereof and shall be true, correct and complete in all material respects as of the date of Closing and, in each case, without qualification or limitation as to a partys knowledge thereof except as expressly provided for in this Article VII. All of the representations and warranties made herein shall survive Closing for one year from the date of Closing (the Survival Period) and shall not be deemed to merge into or be waived by the Deed or any other closing documents. A party shall only be permitted to make a claim against the other party for a breach of any representation or warranty made herein if (i) such breach shall have been discovered prior to the expiration of the Survival Period, (ii) a notice of such breach shall have been given to the breaching party prior to the expiration of the Survival Period and (iii) an action, suit or other proceeding shall have been commenced, or a claim shall have been filed, against the breaching party within sixty (60) days after the expiration of the Survival Period. Until Closing, Seller and Buyer shall use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly update any representation or warranty in this Contract and to correct any mistake and/or to reflect any matter which arises after the date hereof, but no such updating shall limit any liability a party may have for a representation or warranty which was not true when made. (b)Bulk Sale Survival Period.  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Contract, Sellers Bulk Sale Covenant shall survive Closing for thirty-six (36) months (the Bulk Sale Survival Period) and shall not be deemed to merge into or be waived by the Deed or any other closing documents. During the period between the expiration of the Survival Period and the expiration of the Bulk Sale Survival Period, if any, Buyer shall only be permitted to make a claim against Seller for a breach of Sellers Bulk Sale Covenant made herein if (i) such breach shall have been discovered prior to the expiration of the Bulk Sale Survival Period and (ii) a notice of such breach shall have been given to Seller and Escrow Agent prior to the expiration of the Bulk Sale Survival Period, and any such claim shall be satisfied in accordance with Section 8.12 hereof. (c)This Section 7. 3 shall survive Closing as provided above. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated under this Agreement to make any indemnity in connection with any claim made against Indemnitee: (a) for which payment has actually been made to or on behalf of Indemnitee under any insurance policy or other indemnity provision, except with respect to any excess beyond the amount paid under any insurance policy or other indemnity provision, provided; or (b) for an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of securities of the Company within the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or similar provisions of state statutory law or common law; or (c) except with respect to a Proceeding relating to enforcement of, or to indemnity under this Agreement, or under the Charter Documents, the DGCL, or any insurance policy relating to Indemnitees Corporate Status, in connection with any Proceeding (or any part of any SPS Commerce, Inc. Form of Director Indemnification Agreement [Independent Director] Page 7 Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee, including any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee against the Company or its directors, officers, employees or other indemnitees, unless (i) the Board of Directors of the Company authorized the Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) prior to its initiation or (ii) the Company provides the indemnification, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Company under applicable law. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Executive shall serve the Employer as General Counsel and Secretary and shall have the duties and authority customary for such position. The Executive shall report directly to the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the Employer and shall serve the Employer in such additional offices incidental to such position as the Executive may be reasonably requested to serve by the CEO or Board of Directors of Employer (the Board of Directors). In such capacity or capacities, the Executive shall perform such services and duties in connection with the business, affairs and operations of the Employer as may be assigned or delegated to the Executive from time to time by or under the authority of the CEO or Board of Directors. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Company understands that the Purchasers obligation to purchase the Shares and Warrants pursuant to this Agreement on the Closing Date is conditioned upon: a.The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Transaction Agreements by CPGI; b.Delivery by CPGI to the Purchasers of the Certificates and Warrants in accordance with this Agreement or any other agreements between the parties; c.All matters relating to this Agreement and the other Transaction Agreements have been approved by the Board of Directors of CPGI. d.The accuracy in all material respects on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained in this Agreement, each as if made on such date, and the performance by the Company on or before such date of all covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed on or before such date; e.There shall not be in effect any law, rule or regulation prohibiting or restricting the transactions contemplated hereby, or in the other Transaction Agreements, or requiring any consent or approval which shall not have been obtained; and f.The delivery of such other documents as reasonably requested by the Purchasers and/or its legal counsel __clusterTitleType__17 
 In the event that approval by the Company stockholders of the Merger, the Merger Agreement, and the amendment to the Company's certificate of incorporation relating to the automatic conversion of the Company Preferred Stock upon consummation of the Merger is not obtained, then, and in such event, the Company Principal Stockholder shall promptly provide to Parent evidence in form reasonably satisfactory to Parent of the fulfillment of his obligations under this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
 In the event litigation is commenced by a party hereto to enforce or interpret any provision of this Note, or to collect any amount due hereunder, the prevailing party in such litigation shall be entitled to receive, in addition to all other sums and relief, its reasonable costs and attorneys fees, incurred both at and in preparation for trial and any appeal or review, such amount to be set by the courts before which the matter is heard. __clusterTitleType__17 
 For the purpose of this Agreement, notices and all other communications provided for in the Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when delivered or mailed by United States registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed, if to the Executive, to his most recent address shown on the books and records of the Company at the time notice is given and, if to the Company, to the address set forth below, or to such other address as either party may have furnished to the other in writing in accordance herewith, except that notice of change of address shall be effective only upon actual receipt: To the Company: AngioDynamics, Inc. 603 Queensbury Avenue Queensbury, NY 12804 Attention: Chief Executive Officer __clusterTitleType__4 
 __clusterTitleType__17 
 10.1 Notice of Exercise. A Participant entitled to exercise an Option shall do so by delivery of a written notice to that effect specifying the number of Shares with respect to which the Option is being exercised and any other relevant information the Board, or the Committee if one has been appointed, may require. The notice shall be accompanied by payment in full of the purchase price of any Shares to be purchased, which payment may be made in cash or, with the Boards approval, or the Committees approval if one has been appointed (which in the case of Incentive Stock Options must be given at the time of grant), in Shares valued at Fair Market Value at the time of exercise or a combination thereof. No Shares shall be issued upon exercise of an Option until full payment has been made therefor. All notices or requests provided for herein shall be delivered to the Companys President, or such other person as the Board, or the Committee if one has been appointed, may designate. 10.2 Cashless Exercise Procedures. At such time, if ever, that Shares are traded on the over-the-counter market or on any established securities market, the Company, in its sole discretion, may establish procedures whereby a Participant, subject to the requirements of Rule 16b-3, Regulation T, federal income tax laws, and other federal, state and local tax and securities laws, can exercise an Option or a portion thereof without making a direct payment of the option price to the Company; provided, however, that these cashless exercise procedures shall not apply to Incentive Stock Options which are outstanding on the date the Company establishes such procedures unless the application of such procedures to such Options is permitted pursuant to the Code and the regulations thereunder without affecting the Options qualification under Code Section 422 as Incentive Stock Options. If the Company so elects to establish a cashless exercise program, the Company shall determine, in its sole discretion, and from time to time, such administrative procedures and policies as it deems appropriate and such procedures and policies shall be binding on any Participant wishing to utilize the cashless exercise program. __clusterTitleType__9 
 At every meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation in connection with the election of directors and all other matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, every holder of Common Stock is entitled to one vote in person or by proxy for each share of Common Stock registered in the name of the holder on the transfer books of the Corporation. Except as otherwise required by law, the holders of Common Stock shall vote together as a single class, subject to any right that may be conferred upon holders of Preferred Stock to vote together with holders of Common Stock on matters submitted to a vote of stockholders of the Corporation. Shares of Class F Stock shall not have any voting rights except as required by the DGCL. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Any notice, report or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when delivered in person, upon confirmation of receipt when transmitted by facsimile transmission, on the next business day if transmitted by a nationally recognized overnight courier or on the third business day following mailing by first class mail, postage prepaid, in each case as follows (or at such other United States address or facsimile number for a party as shall be specified by like notice): If to the Company or the Owners: Senior Housing Properties Trust 400 Centre Street Newton, Massachusetts 02458 Attention: President Facsimile No.: (617) 796-8349 If to Managing Agent: Reit Management & Research LLC 400 Centre Street Newton, Massachusetts 02458 Attention: President Facsimile No.: (617) 928-1305 8 __clusterTitleType__4 
 For her services during the Term, the Company shall pay Executive the following: (a) Salary (Salary) at the annual rate of RMB480,000, to be paid in monthly installments at the monthly rate of RMB40,000 on the last day of each month, with the first payment being due on January 31, 2010 for the period commencing on the date of this Agreement At Executives request, payment may be made in United States dollars at the monthly rate of US$5,857. If the Term is extended beyond the Initial Term, Executives Salary shall be increased to RMB 41,200 or US$6,033 per month, with the first payment being due on January 31, 2011. (b) In addition to Salary, the Company shall issue to Executive 1,500 shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Companys long-term incentive plan, which is subject to stockholder approval, on each of January 31, 2010 and July 31, 2011, provided that Executive is employed by the Company on such dates No shares shall be issued pursuant to this Section 3(b) subsequent to the termination of this Agreement. (c) For a period of nine (9) months following the date of issuance of any Shares (the "Lockup Period"), Executive irrevocably agrees that she will not offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, or announce the offering of, any Shares obtained by Executive pursuant to this Agreement In furtherance thereof, the Company will (a) cause its transfer agent to place a stop order on all Shares, (b) notify its transfer agent in writing of the stop order and the restrictions on the Shares. The Shares shall bear a legend that refers to this restriction in addition to the Companys standard investment legend. (d) Employee shall be entitled to a fifteen (15)-day paid vacation for each fiscal year of the Term commencing two months after the Start Date and all nationally-designated holidays in the Peoples Republic of China __clusterTitleType__30 
 This Assignment does not create, and shall not be construed as creating, any rights enforceable by any person not a party to this Agreement except as provided in paragraph 9 hereof. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Green House Holders are the legal and beneficial owners of 100% of the Green House Shares as set forth on Schedule I, free and clear of any claims, charges, equities, liens, security interests, and encumbrances whatsoever, and the Green House Holders have full right, power, and authority to transfer, assign, convey, and deliver their respective Green House Shares; and delivery of such common stock at the Closing will convey to Custom Q good and marketable title to such shares free and clear of any claims, charges, equities, liens, security interests, and encumbrances except for any such claims, charges, equities, liens, security interests, and encumbrances arising out of such shares being held by Custom Q. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Section headings in this Amendment are included herein for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part of this Amendment for any other purpose. __clusterTitleType__24 
 Any notices provided for in the Plan or this Agreement shall be given in writing and shall be deemed effectively given upon receipt or, in the case of notices delivered by mail by the Company to you, five (5) days after deposit in the United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed to you at the last address you provided to the Company. __clusterTitleType__4 
 (a) Except as provided hereunder, during the term of this Agreement, each Shareholder shall not (nor permit any Person under such Shareholders control to), directly or indirectly, (i) grant any proxies, powers of attorney, rights of first offer or refusal, or enter into any voting trust or voting agreement or arrangement with respect to any of such Shareholders Subject Shares, (ii) sell (including short sell), assign, transfer, tender, pledge, encumber, grant a participation interest in, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of (including by gift) (each, a Transfer) any of such Shareholders Subject Shares, (iii) otherwise permit any Liens to be created on any of such Shareholders Subject Shares or (iv) enter into any Contract with respect to the direct or indirect Transfer of any of such Shareholders Subject Shares. No Shareholder shall, and shall not permit any Person under such Shareholders control or any of such Shareholders or such Persons respective representatives to, seek or solicit any such Transfer or any such Contract. Without limiting the foregoing, each Shareholder shall not take any other action that would in any way restrict, limit or interfere in any material respect with the performance of such Shareholders obligations hereunder or the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Shareholder shall have the right to Transfer all or any portion of his, her or its Subject Shares to a Permitted Transferee of such Shareholder if and only if such Permitted Transferee shall have agreed in writing, in a manner reasonably acceptable in form and substance to Parent, (i) to accept such Subject Shares subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and (ii) to be bound by this Agreement and to agree and acknowledge that such Person shall constitute a Shareholder for all purposes of this Agreement. Permitted Transferee means, with respect to any Shareholder, (A) any other Shareholder, (B) a spouse, lineal descendant or antecedent, brother or sister, adopted child or grandchild or the spouse of any child, adopted child, grandchild or adopted grandchild of such Shareholder, (C) any trust, the trustees of which include only the Persons named in clauses (A) or (B) and the beneficiaries of which include only the Persons named in clauses (A) or (B), or (D) if such Shareholder is a trust, the beneficiary or beneficiaries authorized or entitled to receive distributions from such trust. (c) Each Shareholder hereby authorizes Parent and Merger Sub to direct the Company to impose stop orders to prevent the Transfer of any Subject Shares on the books of the Company in violation of this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
  REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE OF OWN SHARES __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Amendment (a) supersedes all prior oral or written communications and agreement between or among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and (b) may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which, when taken together, shall constitute a single instrument and may be delivered by facsimile transmission, and any such facsimile transmitted Amendment shall have the same force and effect, and be as binding, as if original signatures had been delivered. As modified hereby, all the terms of the Contract are hereby ratified and confirmed and shall continue in full force and effect. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Amendment as of the date and year hereinabove written. Seller: CCIP/3 SANDPIPER, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company By:  CONSOLIDATED CAPITAL INSTITUTIONAL PROPERTIES/3, LP, a Delaware limited partnership, its member By: CONCAP EQUITIES, INC., a Delaware corporation, its general partner By: /s/Trent A. Johnson Name: Trent A. Johnson Title: Vice President Purchaser: DT GROUP DEVELOPMENT, INC, a California corporation By: /s/Dan Markel Name: Dan Markel Title: President and CEO EXHIBIT A Wire Instructions Bank: Wachovia (Charlotte, NC) ABA #: 053-000-219 Account Number: 2000010968907 Account Name: AIMCO Properties Partnership Concentration Account Reference: CCIP/3 Sandpiper, LLC - 005681 sale deposit __clusterTitleType__12 
 In case any one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement shall, for any reason, be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidly, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provisions of this Agreement, and this Agreement shall be construed as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision had never been contained herein. If, moreover, any one or more of the provisions contained in the Agreement shall for any reason be held to be excessively broad as to duration, geographical scope, activity or subject, it shall be construed by limiting and reducing it, so as to be enforceable to the extent compatible with the applicable law as it shall then appear. __clusterTitleType__17 
 . Termination of Executives employment based on Retirement shall mean termination of Executives employment at any time after Executive reaches age 67 or in accordance with any retirement policy established by the Board with Executives consent with respect to him. Upon termination of Executive based on Retirement, no amounts or benefits shall be due Executive under this Agreement, and Executive shall be entitled to all benefits under any retirement plan of the Bank and other plans to which Executive is a party. __clusterTitleType__5 
  The Company can call this 5 Year Note for redemption at any time after two years without penalty subject to the subordination provisions contained in Section 4 below and pursuant to procedures set forth in Article 3 of the Indenture, for a redemption price equal to the principal amount plus any unpaid interest thereon to the date of redemption. Notice of redemption shall be given by mail to the holder of this 5 Year Note at his last address as it appears on the records of the Company not less than 30 nor more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. Once notice of redemption is mailed, 5 Year Notes called for redemption become due and payable on the date of redemption set forth in the notice of redemption at the redemption price. On or before the redemption date, the Company shall set aside money sufficient to pay the redemption price of all 5 Year Notes to be redeemed on that date. If the Company has mailed a notice of redemption to the registered holder and this 5 Year Note is not presented for redemption within 60 days of the redemption date or such longer period set forth in the notice of redemption, then the Company may transfer the money distributable upon redemption to a separate bank account, for the benefit of the registered holders whose 5 Year Notes are redeemed, and thereupon this 5 Year Note shall be deemed as of the date of redemption to have been redeemed and no longer outstanding. __clusterTitleType__17 
 In the event that Tenant shall remain in occupancy of the Demised Premises for any period beyond the expiration of the term of this Lease or any renewals or extensions thereof, such occupancy shall be deemed to be a month-to-month tenancy at twice (2 times) the Annual Base Rent for the last lease year of the Term, subject to all the other provisions of this Lease prevailing prior to such expiration including additional rent, and the acceptance of Annual Base Rent or Additional Rent by Landlord shall not be deemed to create a new or additional tenancy other than aforesaid. __clusterTitleType__17 
  5.1The members of the Target Group do not use any name for any purpose other than their full corporate names.  5.2The members of the Target Group may lawfully use all or any part of their corporate names in their operations.  The use of such names will not lead to infringement of the intellectual property of any third party. __clusterTitleType__17 
 10.1Nonsolicitation of Customers or Prospects. Executive acknowledges that information about Companys customers is confidential and constitutes trade secrets. Accordingly, Executive agrees that during the term of this Agreement and for a period of one (1) year after the termination of this Agreement, Executive will not, either directly or indirectly, separately or in association with others, interfere with, impair, disrupt or damage Companys relationship with any of its customers or customer prospects by soliciting or encouraging others to solicit any of them for the purpose of diverting or taking away business from Company. 10.2Nonsolicitation of Companys Employees. Executive agrees that during the term of this Agreement and for a period of one (1) year after the termination of this Agreement, Executive will not, either directly or indirectly, separately or in association with others, interfere with, impair, disrupt or damage Companys business by soliciting, encouraging or attempting to hire any of Companys employees or causing others to solicit or encourage any of Companys employees to discontinue their employment with Company. __clusterTitleType__17 
  The Borrower hereby absolutely and unconditionally releases and forever discharges the Administrative Agent and the Syndication Parties, and any and all participants, parent corporations, subsidiary corporations, affiliated corporations, insurers, indemnitors, successors and assigns thereof, together with all of the present and former directors, officers, agents and employees of any of the foregoing, from any and all known claims, demands or causes of action of any kind, nature or description, whether arising at law or in equity or upon contract or tort or under any state or federal law or otherwise, which the Borrower has had, now has or may claim to have against any such Person for or by reason of any act, omission, matter, cause or thing whatsoever arising from the beginning of time to and including the date of this Amendment, whether such claims, demands and causes of action are matured or unmatured. __clusterTitleType__17 
  $ Total Payment Required: $ * Each Basic Subscription Right is exercisable to purchase 1.8 Units. ** May not exceed 200% of Units for which such holder was otherwise entitled to subscribe. Box 3. Payment in the following amount is enclosed $. Box 4. Please deduct payment from the following account maintained by you as follows: Type of Account: Account No.: Amount to be deducted: $ Signature: Name: Title: Date:	, 2010 __clusterTitleType__17 
 The parties hereby consent to the jurisdiction of the Circuit Court of the Commonwealth of Virginia located in Fairfax County and the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia. Accordingly, with respect to any such court action, the parties (a) submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts; (b) consent to service of process; and (c) waive any other requirement (whether imposed by statute, rule of court, or otherwise) with respect to personal jurisdiction or service of process. __clusterTitleType__19 
 The Company presented Lyles with this Agreement for execution on or after January 1, 2010, but not later than January 31, 2010. Lyles expressly acknowledges that he has been offered and given at least 21 calendar days in which to consider and review this Agreement prior to signing it, that such time has been sufficient to permit him to review its terms. Lyles expressly acknowledges that prior to executing this Agreement he was and is by this Agreement advised to consult with legal counsel of his choice concerning the terms of this Agreement. Lyles specifically acknowledges that he fully and completely understands the terms of this Agreement and their significance, that he accepts such terms and enters into the Agreement freely and voluntarily. __clusterTitleType__17 
 All issued and outstanding shares of Green House are legally issued, fully paid, and non-assessable and were not issued in violation of the pre-emptive or other rights of any person. Green House has no outstanding options, warrants, or other convertible securities. __clusterTitleType__17 
 __clusterTitleType__17 
  1)Upon expiration of the term of license if no agreement on renewal is reached;  2)If Party B violates the stipulations of the Trademark Law and the Implementation Rules and materially impaired Party As reputation through improper use of the licensed trademarks.  Applicable law and dispute settlement __clusterTitleType__17 
  Executive hereby acknowledges and agrees that he shall continue to be bound by the covenants not to disclose Confidential Information (as defined in the Employment Agreement) and the other restrictive covenants contained in Sections 14 through 20 of the Employment Agreement, each in accordance with the terms thereof, except as modified herein (collectively, the Restrictive Covenants, and any such individual covenant, a Restrictive Covenant). 5 __clusterTitleType__17 
 (a) The Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement and assumes the obligations imposed on it hereby in order to induce Indemnitee to serve as an officer or director of the Company, and the Company acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying upon this Agreement in serving as an officer or director of the Company. (b) This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral, written and implied, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. __clusterTitleType__17 
  (a) Each Grantor hereby irrevocably agrees that any legal action or proceedings against it with respect to this Agreement may be brought in any court of the State of New York or any Federal Court of the United States of America located in the City or State of New York, or both, as the Secured Party may elect, and by execution and delivery of this Agreement each Grantor hereby submits to and accepts with regard to any such action or proceeding service of process by the mailing of copies thereof by registered or certified airmail, postage prepaid, to such Grantor pursuant to Section 22 (b) Each Grantor hereby irrevocably waives any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement in the State of New York and hereby further irrevocably waives any claim that the State of New York is not a convenient forum for any such suit, action or proceeding (c) To the extent that any Grantor has or hereafter may acquire any immunity from jurisdiction of any court or from any legal process (whether through service or notice, attachment prior to judgment, attachment in aid of execution, execution or otherwise) with respect to itself or its property, each Grantor hereby irrevocably waives such immunity in respect of its obligations under this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__19 
  The Notes are subordinated to Senior Debt of the Issuer upon the terms and conditions set forth in the Indenture. To the extent provided in the Indenture, Senior Debt of the Issuer must be paid before the Notes may be paid. Each Holder of Notes, by the Holders acceptance hereof, authorizes and directs the Trustee on such Holders behalf to take such action as may be necessary or appropriate to effectuate the subordination as provided in the Indenture, and appoints the Trustee to act as such Holders attorney-in-fact for any and all such purposes. __clusterTitleType__17 
  Consultant acknowledges and agrees that he is an independent contractor of the Company and shall not be deemed to be an employee of the Company. Consultant shall be responsible for and pay all taxes assessed on all compensation provided to Consultant under the terms of this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
 This is a Virginia contract and shall be construed under and be governed in all respects by the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, without giving effect to its conflict of laws principles With respect to any disputes concerning federal law, such disputes shall be determined in accordance with the law as it would be interpreted and applied by the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. __clusterTitleType__7 
 Whenever the consent or approval of Holders of a specified percentage of principal amount of Notes is required hereunder, Notes held by the Company or its Affiliates (other than subsequent Holders of Notes if such subsequent Holders are deemed to be Affiliates solely by reason of their holdings of such Notes) shall not be counted in determining whether such consent or approval was given by the Holders of such required percentage. 13 If the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding of our agreement, please sign and return to us the enclosed duplicate hereof, whereupon this letter and your acceptance shall represent a binding agreement by and among the Company, the Operating Partnership and the several Initial Purchasers. Very truly yours, BioMed Realty Trust, Inc. By: /s/ R. Kent Griffin, Jr. Name: R. Kent Griffin, Jr Title: President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer BioMed Realty, L.P. By: BioMed Realty Trust, Inc., its General Partner By: /s/ R. Kent Griffin, Jr. Name: R. Kent Griffin, Jr Title: President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer The foregoing Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted as of the date first above written. DEUTSCHE BANK SECURITIES INC. By: /s/ Donald Sung Name: Donald Sung Title: Managing Director By: /s/ Brooks Harris Name: Brooks Harris Title: Managing Director CREDIT SUISSE SECURITIES (USA) LLC By: /s/ Eric A. Anderson Name: Eric A. Anderson Title: Managing Director MORGAN STANLEY & CO. INCORPORATED By: /s/ David Chattleton Name: David Chattleton Title: Executive Director UBS SECURITIES LLC By: /s/ Roland du Luart Name: Roland du Luart Title: Director By: /s/ Jae Shin Name: Jae Shin Title: Associate Director For themselves and the other several Initial Purchasers named in Schedule I to the Purchase Agreement Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement __clusterTitleType__17 
 Your PSUs vest following a performance measurement period of two full fiscal years ending as of the Companys fiscal year end for the first full fiscal year following the Date of Grant (the Measurement Year). Following the conclusion of the Measurement Year, the Committee shall meet, either at its regularly scheduled quarterly meeting or at a special meeting of the Committee called prior to the Companys release of its annual earnings for the Measurement Year, to certify achievement of the performance measures set forth on Exhibit A attached hereto and the vesting of your PSUs and the Applicable Percentage of the Target Number of PSU Shares to be issued to you. Except as otherwise provided for herein, unless, prior to the effective date of the termination of your employment with the Company or a Subsidiary for any reason, including death, resignation or termination by the Company or Subsidiary (Termination of Employment), the Committee has certified the performance vesting of your PSUs, all of your PSUs shall be forfeited. __clusterTitleType__1 
 Nothing in this Agreement, whether express or implied, is intended to confer any rights or remedies under or by reason of this Agreement on any persons other than the parties to it and their respective successors and assigns, nor is anything in this Agreement intended to relieve or discharge the obligation or liability of any third party to this Agreement, nor shall any provision give any third person any right of subrogation or action over against any party to this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Except as set forth herein or in the Green House Schedules (if any): (a)Green House has filed all local income tax returns required to be filed by it from its inception to the date hereof All such returns are complete and accurate in all material respects. (b)Green House has no liabilities with respect to the payment of federal, county, local, or other taxes (including any deficiencies, interest, or penalties), except for taxes accrued but not yet due and payable, for which Green House may be liable in its own right or as a transferee of the assets of, or as a successor to, any other corporation or entity (c)No deficiency for any taxes has been proposed, asserted or assessed against Green House. There has been no tax audit, nor has there been any notice to Green House by any taxing authority regarding any such tax audit, or, to the knowledge of Green House, is any such tax audit threatened with regard to any taxes or Green House tax returns. Green House does not expect the assessment of any additional taxes of Green House for any period prior to the date hereof and has no knowledge of any unresolved questions concerning the liability for taxes of Green House. (d)Green House shall have provided to Custom Q the audited balance sheet of Green House as of, and the audited statements of income, stockholders equity and cash flows of Green House for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2008, and the unaudited balance sheet of Green House as of, and the audited statements of income, stockholders equity and cash flows of Green House for the six months ended June 30, 2009 (collectively Green House Financial Statements) The Green House Financial Statements have been prepared from the books and records of Green House in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principals. Except as set forth in the Green House Financial Statements, Green House does not have any liabilities. (e)The books and records, financial and otherwise, of Green House are in all material respects complete and correct and have been maintained in accordance with good business and accounting practices __clusterTitleType__17 
 Purchaser agrees to be responsible for all applicable taxes, customs duty and importation charges levied in the country of Colombia. __clusterTitleType__2 
 If the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of Common Shares, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, shares or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case: (a) any Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to the close of business on the record date fixed for the determination of holders of Common Shares entitled to receive the Distribution shall be reduced, effective as of the close of business on such record date, to a price determined by multiplying such Exercise Price by a fraction of which (i) the numerator shall be the Closing Bid Price of the Common Shares on the Trading Day immediately preceding such record date minus the value of the Distribution (as determined in good faith by the Companys Board of Directors) applicable to one Common Share, and (ii) the denominator shall be the Closing Bid Price of the Common Shares on the Trading Day immediately preceding such record date; and (b) the number of Warrant Shares shall be increased to a number of shares equal to the number of Common Shares obtainable immediately prior to the close of business on the record date fixed for the determination of holders of Common Shares entitled to receive the Distribution multiplied by the reciprocal of the fraction set forth in the immediately preceding paragraph (a); provided that in the event that the Distribution is of Common Shares (or common shares) (Other Common Shares) of a company whose common shares are traded on a national securities exchange or a national automated quotation system, then the Holder may elect to receive a warrant to purchase Other Common Shares in lieu of an increase in the number of Warrant Shares, the terms of which shall be identical to those of this Warrant, except that such warrant shall be exercisable into the number of shares of Other Common Shares that would have been payable to the Holder pursuant to the Distribution had the Holder exercised this Warrant immediately prior to such record date and with an aggregate exercise price equal to the product of the amount by which the exercise price of this Warrant was decreased with respect to the Distribution pursuant to the terms of the immediately preceding paragraph (a) and the number of Warrant Shares calculated in accordance with the first part of this paragraph (b) __clusterTitleType__17 
  The Borrower represents and warrants to the Agent and the Banks that: (a) the representations and warranties set forth in the Credit Agreement and in the other Credit Documents are true and correct in all material respects as of the date of this Agreement (except to the extent such representations and warranties relate to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date); provided that such materiality qualifier shall not apply if such representation or warranty is already subject to a materiality qualifier in the Credit Agreement or such other Credit Document; -2- (b) (i) the execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement are within the corporate power and authority of the Borrower and have been duly authorized by appropriate proceedings and (ii) this Agreement constitutes a legal, valid, and binding obligation of the Borrower, enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with its terms, except as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, or similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally and general principles of equity; and (c) as of the effectiveness of this Agreement and after giving effect thereto, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. __clusterTitleType__11 
  As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings: Barrel means 42 United States standard gallons at 60 degrees Fahrenheit. Business Day means a day other than Saturday, Sunday or any day on which banks located in the State of New York are authorized or obligated to close. Daily Average Crude Price means the average of the high and low prices for First Month WTI-Cushing as quoted in Platts for each day during an Earnout Year, converted to Barrels as applicable; provided that daily calculations on weekends and holidays will use prices published for the immediately preceding Friday or Business Day, respectively. Daily Average Gasoline Price means the average of the high and low prices for Regular Unleaded Gasoline, US Gulf Coast Pipeline, as quoted in Platts for each day during an Earnout Year, converted to Barrels as applicable; provided that daily calculations on weekends and holidays will use prices published for the immediately preceding Friday or Business Day, respectively. Daily Average ULSD Price means the average of the high and low prices for Ultra Low Sulfur Diesel, US Gulf Coast Pipeline, as quoted in Platts for each day during an Earnout Year, converted to Barrels as applicable; provided that daily calculations on weekends and holidays will use prices published for the immediately preceding Friday or Business Day, respectively. Earnout Year means a 365-day period (or 366 days in case the period includes a February 29) beginning on the Effective Date, and ending on each subsequent anniversary thereof during the Term of this Agreement. Platts means Platts Oilgram Price Report. Term means three (3) years from the Effective Date, plus the amount of time required to calculate and pay the Earnout Payment for the final Earnout Year. Any other capitalized terms in this Agreement not otherwise defined above shall have the meanings as defined herein. __clusterTitleType__17 
 In the event: (a) the Company sets a record date with respect to the holders of Common Stock for the purpose of entitling or enabling them to receive any dividend or other distribution, or to receive any right to subscribe for or purchase any shares of stock of any class or any other securities, or to receive any other right; (b) the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock is increased by a stock dividend payable in shares of Common Stock or by a split-up of shares of Common Stock or other similar event; (c) the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse stock split, or reclassification of shares of Common Stock or other similar event; (d) of any capital reorganization or reclassification of the Common Stock, or consolidation or merger of the Company with another corporation, or the sale of all or substantially all of its assets to another corporation or other similar event; or (e) of the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding-up of the Company; then, and in each such case, the Company will provide written notice (an "Event Notice") to the Holder at least ten days prior to (i) the record date in the case of (a) above, specifying the record date and the amount and character of such dividend, distribution or right, and (ii) the effective date of any event specified in clause (b), (c), (d) or (e) above, specifying the effective date on which such event is to take place, and the time, if any is to be fixed, as of which the holders of record of Common Stock will be entitled to exchange their shares of Common Stock for securities or other property deliverable upon such event, if applicable. Any failure to mail an Event Notice required by this Section 12 or any defect therein or in the mailing thereof will not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such Event Notice. Nothing herein shall prohibit the Holder from exercising this Warrant during the ten day period commencing on the date of an Event Notice, provided that such exercise occurs prior to the Expiration Date and the Holder otherwise complies with the terms hereof. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Notwithstanding any provision in this Deed to the contrary, the Company shall not be obligated under this Deed to make any payment pursuant to this Deed: (a) for which payment has actually been made to or on behalf of Indemnitee by or on behalf of the Company under any insurance policy or other indemnity provision, except with respect to any excess beyond the amount paid under any insurance policy or other indemnity provision; (b) for an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of securities of the Company within the meaning of Section 16(b) of the U. (c) for which payment is expressly prohibited by law (including, with respect to any director or secretary, in respect of any liability expressly prohibited from being indemnified pursuant to section 200 of the Irish Companies Act 1963 (as amended)) (including any successor provision, Section 200), but (i) in no way limiting any rights under Section 391, and (ii) to the extent any such limitations or prescriptions are amended or determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be void or inapplicable, or relief to the contrary is granted, then the Indemnitee shall receive the greatest rights then available under law (as further set forth in Section 12). These exclusions shall not limit the right to advancement of Expenses under Section 7 or otherwise under this Deed pending the outcome of any Proceeding unless such advancement of Expenses is expressly prohibited by law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this provision shall not limit Indemnitees obligation to repay Expenses as expressly contemplated elsewhere in this Deed or as otherwise expressly required by law. 3 __clusterTitleType__17 
 All notices and other communications under this Agreement, unless otherwise provided, must be in writing and must be delivered by certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, and properly addressed to CITGO, Attention: CITGO Contracts Department, 1293 Eldridge Parkway, Houston, TX 77077 and UNBRANDED MARKETER at their respective addresses shown above. All notices and other communications are effective upon deposit in the mail, postage prepaid. Either party may change its address from time to time by written notice to the other. __clusterTitleType__4 
 PRICE AND PAYMENT __clusterTitleType__16 
 The Company further warrants and agrees that during the Exercise Period, the Company will at all times have authorized and reserved a sufficient number of Common Stock to provide for the exercise of the rights represented by this Warrant. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Unless otherwise specified, the remedies provided in this, Agreement shall be cumulative and shall not preclude the assertion or exercise of any other rights or remedies available by law, in equity or otherwise. __clusterTitleType__26 
  The Borrower hereby reaffirms its agreement under Section 15.1 of the Credit Agreement to pay or reimburse the Administrative Agent and the Syndication Parties on demand for all costs and expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and the Syndication Parties in their employment of counsel. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Borrower specifically agrees to pay all fees and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent for the services performed by such counsel in connection with the preparation of this Amendment and the documents and instruments incidental hereto. -7- __clusterTitleType__17 
  (a)Willis Group shall have the right to deduct from any cash payment made under the Plan any federal, state, local, national, provincial, foreign or other income or other taxes required by law to be withheld with respect to such payment.  It shall be a condition to the obligation of Willis Group to deliver shares upon the exercise of an Option, upon delivery of Restricted Share or upon exercise, settlement or payment of any Other Share-Based Grant that the Participant pay to Willis Group such amount as may be requested by Willis Group for the purpose of satisfying any liability for such withholding taxes. Any Grant Agreement may provide that the Participant may elect, in accordance with any conditions set forth in such Grant Agreement, to pay a portion or the entire minimum amount of such withholding taxes in shares of Ordinary Shares: 8 (b)Notwithstanding anything set forth in section 12 (a), an option may not be exercised unless:  (i)the Board of Directors considers that the issue or transfer of shares pursuant to such exercise would be lawful in all relevant jurisdictions; and  (ii)in a case where, if the option were exercised, Willis Group would be obliged to (or would suffer a disadvantage if it were not to) account for any tax (in any jurisdiction) for which the person in question would be liable by virtue of the exercise of the option and/or for any social security contributions that would be recoverable from the person in question (together, the Tax Liability), that person has either:  (A)made a payment to Willis Group of an amount at least equal to the Willis estimate of the Tax Liability; or  (B)entered into arrangements acceptable to Willis Group to secure that such a payment is made (whether by authorizing the sale of some or all of the shares on his behalf and the payment to Willis Group of the relevant amount out of the proceeds of sale or otherwise).  __clusterTitleType__2 
 __clusterTitleType__17 
 Lender agrees that, effective upon Lenders receipt of the Note Payment: (i) all of the Notes will be satisfied and paid in full and (ii) Lender hereby releases any security interest granted in favor of Lender under the Loan Documents. __clusterTitleType__17 
 20.1. Notwithstanding Section 3 of the Plan, the Compensation Committee (the Cablevision Committee) of the Board of Directors of Cablevision Systems Corporation (Cablevision) may grant Awards with respect to outstanding equity awards of Cablevision in connection with the distribution by Cablevision to holders of its common stock of all of the outstanding Shares (such distribution, the Distribution). In this capacity, the Cablevision Committee shall have full authority to grant Awards in connection with the Distribution and determine the recipients, terms and conditions of such Awards, and each member of the Cablevision Committee shall be considered a Covered Person for purposes of Section 3.3 of the Plan. 20.2. Notwithstanding Section 6.1.2 of the Plan, the exercise price per Share of the Shares to be purchased pursuant to each Option granted by the Cablevision Committee in connection with the Distribution may be lesser than the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date on which the Option is granted, in order to preserve the intrinsic value of the outstanding Cablevision equity awards prior to the Distribution. __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Transfer Agreement and the exhibits hereto have been reviewed by Borrower, who acknowledges and agrees as follows: (i) Borrower understands fully the terms of this Transfer Agreement and the consequences of the issuance hereof and thereof; (ii) Borrower has been afforded an opportunity to have this Transfer Agreement reviewed by its attorney and to discuss all such documents with such attorney and other consultants as it may wish; and (iii) Borrower has entered into this Transfer Agreement of its own free will and accord and without threat or duress. __clusterTitleType__17 
 To exercise Subscription Rights, complete your Subscription Certificate and send your properly completed and executed Subscription Certificate, together with payment in full of the Subscription Price for each Unit subscribed for pursuant to the Basic Subscription Right and the Over-Subscription Right, to the Subscription Agent. The method of delivery of the Subscription Certificate and the payment of the Subscription Price to the Subscription Agent is at your election and risk. If you send your Subscription Certificate and payment by mail, then you should send them by registered mail, properly insured. All payments must be made in United States dollars by check or bank draft drawn upon a United States bank, or by wire transfer, in each case, payable to American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC as Subscription Agent. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Facsimile signatures will be treated as original signatures. Employee and Company acknowledge that there may be two or more executed copies of this Agreement. Accordingly, Employee and Company each agree to treat each such copy as if it were the sole original. The undersigned on behalf of themselves or on behalf of the party represent agree to all of the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement of eleven (11) pages including this acknowledgement pages. In the case of a representative party, they acknowledge they are authorized to execute this Agreement and bind their party. The undersigned acknowledge that they have had an opportunity to review the contents of this Agreement and discuss any questions they may have. The undersigned further represent that they are signing below voluntarily. 9 of 11 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have the authority and have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the day and year first written above. By: Jason M. Shapiro, an individual Date: 10 of 11 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have the authority and have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the day and year first written above. Iron Eagle Group By: Name: Joel A. Shapiro Title: Founder and Owner of Iron Eagle Group Date: Belle Haven Partners, LLC By: Name: Joel A. Shapiro Title: President Date: 11 of 11 __clusterTitleType__10 
 Party A: Yingli Green Energy Holding Company Limited (Seal) Date: November 21, 2008 Party B: Chongqing Sailing New Energy Co., Ltd (Seal) Date: November 21, 2008 __clusterTitleType__17 
 The restrictions noted in the Companys records and any certificate or certificates representing the Shares shall bear the following legend in substantially the following form (as well as any other legends required by applicable state and federal corporate securities laws) as reasonably deemed appropriate by the Company: THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE SUBJECT TO THE TERMS OF A RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT AND MAY ONLY BE TRANSFERRED IN COMPLIANCE THEREWITH. __clusterTitleType__17 
 33 __clusterTitleType__17 
 If any Participant forfeits any shares of Restricted Stock delivered pursuant to Awards granted under the Plan, such shares shall be added back to shares authorized for issuance under the Plan and shall again be available for granting in connection with future Awards under the Plan. 3. All other terms and conditions of the Plan are hereby confirmed and ratified __clusterTitleType__17 
  The Stock Units under this Award shall be subject to the provisions of the Stock Plan relating to adjustments for changes in corporate capitalization. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Agency Represents and Warrants to PCM that it will comply with the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, 15 U.S.C.A. 1692 et seq., the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Federal Bankruptcy Code and all other debt collection laws. Agency further agrees to comply with Title V of the Graham  Leach  Bliley Act of 1999 which currently restricts the non affiliated, third party sharing of Account Debtor non-public personal information. Agency Represents and Warrants that it is licensed and is authorized to collect in all jurisdictions where it will perform services under this agreement. In addition to State Licensing and bonding requirements, Agency will comply with all other applicable laws and regulations of the United States and each State in which the Agency operates. Agency further agrees it will not engage in any collection action, which may be deemed unfair, deceptive, or harassing. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement through their duly authorized representatives as of the day and year first written above. Oliphant Financial Group, LLC Performance Capital Management LLC By: /s/ Thomas R. Noble By: /s/ David J. Caldwell Printed Name Thomas R. Noble Printed Name: Dave Caldwell Title: Chief Operating Officer Title: Chief Operations Officer 4 of 5 EXHIBIT 1 Fee schedule 45% to 52% of Gross receipts on all accounts assigned. Account type # accounts $balance 5 of 5 __clusterTitleType__11 
 Disgorgement. If Agent or any Lender is, for any reason, compelled by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to surrender or disgorge any payment, interest or other consideration described hereunder to any person because the same is determined to be void or voidable as a preference, fraudulent conveyance, impermissible set-off or for any other reason, such indebtedness or part thereof intended to be satisfied by virtue of such payment, interest or other consideration shall be revived and continue as if such payment, interest or other consideration had not been received by Agent or such Lender, and the Borrowers shall be liable to, and shall indemnify, defend and hold Agent or such Lender harmless for, the amount of such payment or interest surrendered or disgorged. The provisions of this Section 8.10 shall survive execution and delivery of this Agreement and the documents, agreements and instruments to be executed or delivered herewith. __clusterTitleType__17 
  This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and each of such counterparts shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. __clusterTitleType__10 
 THE NOTES SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK BUT WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO APPLICABLE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW TO THE EXTENT THAT THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION WOULD BE REQUIRED THEREBY. A-11 __clusterTitleType__7 
 No waiver, amendment, or other variation of the terms, conditions or provisions of this Transfer Agreement shall be valid unless in writing and signed by all of the signatories hereto, and then only to the extent specifically set forth in such writing. The parties agree that they will not rely upon any representations that purport to vary or amend the terms of this instrument or the conditions of enforcement thereof, in any manner except as set forth in this section, notwithstanding any assertions of authority to vary this instrument verbally as given by any person. __clusterTitleType__11 
  The execution of this Amendment and any documents related hereto shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any Potential Default or any Event of Default under the Credit Agreement or any breach, default or event of default under any other Loan Document or other document held by the Administrative Agent or any Syndication Party, whether or not known to the Administrative Agent or any Syndication Party and whether or not existing on the date of this Amendment. __clusterTitleType__8 
 2.1 Party B hereby agrees to retain the services of Party A, and Party A accepts such appointment, to provide to Party B services in relation to the current and proposed operations of Party Bs business in the PRC upon the terms and conditions of this Agreement. The services subject to this Agreement shall include, without limitation: (a)General Business Operation. Advice and assistance relating to development of technology and provision of consultancy services, particularly as related to dairy business. 4 (b)Human Resources. (i) Advice and assistance in relation to the staffing of Party B, including assistance in the recruitment, employment and secondment of management personnel, administrative personnel and staff of Party B; (ii) Training of management, staff and administrative personnel; (iii) Assistance in the development of sound payroll administrative controls in Party B; (iv) Advice and assistance in the relocation of management and staff of Party B; (c)Research and Development (i)	Advice and assistance in relation to research and development of Party B; (ii) Advice and assistance in industry development; and 5 (d)Other. Such other advice and assistance as may be agreed upon by the Parties. 2.2Exclusive Services Provider. During the term of this Agreement, Party A shall be the exclusive provider of the Services. Party B shall not seek or accept similar services from other providers unless the prior written approval is obtained from Party A. 2.3Intellectual Properties Related to the Services. Party A shall own all intellectual property rights developed or discovered through research and development, in the course of providing Services, or derived from the provision of the Services. Such intellectual property rights shall include patents, trademarks, trade names, copyrights, patent application rights, copyright and trademark application rights, research and technical documents and materials, and other related intellectual property rights including the right to license or transfer such intellectual properties. If Party B must utilize any intellectual property, Party A agrees to grant an appropriate license to Party B on terms and conditions to be set forth in a separate agreement. 2.4Pledge. Party B shall permit and cause Party Bs shareholders to pledge the equity interests of Party B to Party A for securing the Fee that should be paid by Party B pursuant to this Agreement. 6 __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Transfer Agreement shall be binding on the respective successors, assigns, distributees, or legal representatives of the parties shall constitute the entire agreement of the parties, and shall not be modified or amended except by a writing executed by all parties. Except as set forth herein, no other amendment to the Loan Documents is intended and the covenants, agreements, representations and warranties contained in the Loan Documents and herein shall survive the execution, delivery and performance of this Transfer Agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
 If the outstanding Class A Common Stock of the Company is hereafter increased or decreased or changed into or exchanged for a different number or kind of shares or other securities of the Company by reason of any stock split, combination of shares or dividend payable in shares, recapitalization or reclassification, appropriate adjustment shall be made by the Committee in the number and kind of shares subject to this Agreement so that the Recipients proportionate interest before and after the occurrence of the event is maintained. 7 __clusterTitleType__17 
  The closing (the "Closing") shall take place contemporaneously with the execution of this Agreement, or at such other time and place as is mutually agreed upon by Pinnacle, Iron Eagle and the Shareholders, following satisfaction or waiver of all conditions precedent to Closing. At the Closing, the parties shall provide each other with such documents as may be necessary or appropriate and customary in transactions of this sort in order to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, including evidence of due authorization of the Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Severability. Any provision of this Agreement held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable shall not impair or invalidate the remainder of this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
 __clusterTitleType__17 
 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Company shall advance all Expenses incurred by or on behalf of Indemnitee in connection with any Proceeding by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status within thirty (30) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements from Indemnitee requesting such advance or advances from time to time, whether prior to or after final disposition of such Proceeding. Such statement or statements shall reasonably evidence the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee and shall include or be preceded or accompanied by a written undertaking by or on behalf of Indemnitee to repay any Expenses advanced if it shall ultimately be determined that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified against such Expenses. Any advances and undertakings to repay pursuant to this Section 5 shall be unsecured and interest free. __clusterTitleType__17 
  The holder will receive interest at the rate of ten percent (10%) per annum. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Upon any Event of Default (in addition to any other rights or remedies provided for under this Note), at the option of the Holder or any holder hereof, all sums evidenced hereby, including all principal, accrued but unpaid Interest, fees and all other amounts due hereunder, shall become immediately due and payable. If an Event of Default relating to certain events of bankruptcy or insolvency of the Maker occurs and is continuing, the principal of and interest, if any, on this Note will become and be immediately due and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the Holder or any holder hereof. This Note shall bear interest at the rate of ten (10%) percent per annum upon the occurrence of an Event of Default (Default Interest). Payments of the Default Interest shall be due every thirty (30) days following the occurrence Event of Default. __clusterTitleType__29 
 12.1Inventions.Executive hereby assigns and agrees to assign to Company, its subsidiaries, successors and assigns, all intellectual property rights, in all countries of the world, in and to any invention, patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret, confidential information and technology developed, authored, conceived, or reduced to practice solely by the Executive or jointed with others during the term of the Agreement, which is related to Company's present or prospective business interests. The Executive will, without charge to Company, but at its expense, sign all papers, take all rightful oaths, and do all acts which may be necessary, desirable, or convenient for securing and maintaining intellectual property rights in any and all countries and for vesting title thereto with Company, his successors, assigns, and legal representatives or nominees. 12.2Prior Inventions. Executive shall disclose to Company in writing any of his inventions, discoveries and technology that occurred prior to the execution of the Agreement but during his employment with the Company, which inventions, discoveries and technology Executive also hereby assigns to the Company. The disclosure shall contain sufficient detail to permit Company to evaluate and quantify the scope of Executive's work prior to the date of this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
 25 __clusterTitleType__17 
 (a) Shares of the Company are transferable; provided that the Board may, in its sole discretion, decline to register any transfer of any share which is not fully paid up or on which the Company has a lien. (b) The Directors may also decline to register any transfer of any share unless: (i) the instrument of transfer is lodged with the Company, accompanied by the certificate for the shares to which it relates and such other evidence as the Board may reasonably require to show the right of the transferor to make the transfer; (ii) the shares conceded are free of any lien in favor of the Company; and (iii) a fee of such maximum sum as the New York Stock Exchange may determine to be payable, or such lesser sum as the Board may from time to time require, is paid to the Company in respect thereof. (c) If the Directors refuse to register a transfer they shall, within two months after the date on which the instrument of transfer was lodged, send to each of the transferor and the transferee notice of such refusal. (d) Any one of the Directors authorized by the Board shall have the power to renounce the Companys discretion under this Article 12 and accept the transfers of shares. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Headings in this Transfer Agreement are for convenience only and shall not be used to interpret or construe its provisions. 2 __clusterTitleType__24 
 2.1 The term of employment shall be for a period of one year, commencing with the date hereof, unless sooner terminated with Cause or as a result of a Change in Control as provided in this Agreement. 1 2.2 Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 2.1 above, the Company shall have the right to terminate the Executive's employment for Cause (as defined in paragraph 2.3 below); provided, however, that the Executive shall not be deemed to have been terminated for Cause unless and until the Board of Directors at a meeting duly called and held for that purpose shall have determined that the Executive committed an act falling within the definition of Cause and specifying the basis for such determination. If the Executive's employment shall be terminated by the Company for Cause, then the Company shall not be obligated to pay the Executive compensation as provided hereunder. 2.3 For purposes of this Agreement the term, "Cause" shall mean the Executive's: (a) engagement in gross misconduct materially injurious to the Company: (b) knowing and willful neglect or refusal to attend to the material duties assigned to him by the Board of Directors of the Company, which is not cured within 30 days after written notice; (c) intentional misappropriation of property of the Company to the Executives own use; (d) commission of an act of fraud or embezzlement; or (e) conviction for a crime (excluding misdemeanors and minor traffic offenses). 2.4 For purposes of this Agreement, a "Change in Control" shall mean any of the following events: (a) The release from escrow of the shares of the Companys common stock issued to the shareholders of Iron Eagle Group in connection with the acquisition of Iron Eagle Group by the Company; or (b) The individuals who, as of the date this Agreement are approved by the Board, cease for any reason to constitute at least two-thirds of the Board; 2.5 Any purported termination of the Executive's employment by the Company hereunder shall be communicated by a Notice of Termination to the Executive in accordance with paragraph 13. For purposes of this Agreement, a "Notice of Termination" shall mean a written notice which shall indicate those specific termination provisions in this Agreement relied upon and which sets forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of the Executive's employment under the provisions so indicated. __clusterTitleType__18 
 (a) On the date referred to in paragraph (a) of the definition of Effective Date, the Borrower shall pay to the Agent (for the account of the Lender) the Amendment Fee. (b) Without prejudice to any other provision of this Agreement, if the date referred to in paragraph (a) of the definition of Effective Date has not occurred on or prior to 30 November, 2009 this Agreement will not become effective and, consequently, the Amendment Fee will not be payable. __clusterTitleType__17 
 It is not the purpose or intention of this Agreement to create (and it should not be construed as creating) a joint venture, partnership or any type of association, and the Parties are not authorized to act as an agent or principal for each other with respect to any matter related hereto. __clusterTitleType__17 
  The Executives duties at the Company will include all jobs assigned by the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board)[, or if authorized by the Board, by the Companys Chief Executive Officer]. The Executive shall devote all of his/her/her working time, attention and skills to the performance of his/her duties at the Company and shall faithfully and diligently serve the Company in accordance with this Agreement and the guidelines, policies and procedures of the Company approved from time to time by the Board. The Executive shall use his/her best efforts to perform his/her duties hereunder. The Executive shall not, without the prior written consent of the Board, become an employee of any entity other than the Company and any subsidiary or affiliate of the Company, and shall not be concerned or interested in the business or entity that competes with that carried on by the Company (any such business or entity, a Competitor), provided that nothing in this clause shall preclude the Executive from holding any 1 shares or other securities of any Competitor that is listed on any securities exchange or recognized securities market anywhere. The Executive shall notify the Company in writing of his/her interest in such shares or securities in a timely manner and with such details and particulars as the Company may reasonably require. __clusterTitleType__17 
 10.1 The defaulting party shall be liable to the other party for breach of contract and pay the liquidated damages. If the other party suffers damages and the liquidated damages are not enough to cover, the defaulting party shall compensate the amount gap. If the liquidated damages are too higher or too lower than the incurred damages, either party may apply to the peoples court or the arbitration authority for proper reduction or addition on the amount. 10.2 Should either party fail to perform or fully perform this contract (except Party Bs delays in delivery or that the delivered amount is less than the required amount ,which are stipulated in Article 10.2 ), the defaulting party shall pay the other party liquidated damages, which are 5 of the amount of the breached contract. However, if the two parties negotiate to amend or terminate this contract, it is deemed as breach of contract. 10.3 If Party B delays in delivery or delivers the goods less than the required amount, Party B shall pay Party A liquidated damages, which are 1% of the total invoice amount of this batch. If Party A doesnt accept goods according to the delivery schedule or reject the qualified goods, Party A shall Party B liquidated damages, which are 1% of the total invoice amount of this batch. Either party shall inform the other party 10 days in advance and get the approval if it wants to increase or reduce the contract quantity or change the delivery time, otherwise the defaulting party shall assume economical responsibility. 10.4 Actual expenses incurred by Party A for Party Bs mistake in delivery to Party A during the period of custody shall be borne by Party B. In case of Party As overdue payment, Party A shall, in accordance with the Peoples Bank of Chinas related provisions on overdue payment, pay liquidated damages for overdue payment to Party B. 10.5 All the liquidated damages, compensations, custody fee, maintenance fee and other economical cost shall be remitted to the other party within 10 days after the responsibility has been specified, otherwise it is treated as overdue payment, but neither party can recoup it by retaining the products or payment at its own discretion. 10.6 Since 2008 is the first year Party B starts production, the actual supply amount for every month may be adjusted according to the actual production status of Party B, but the total amount for the year shall remain unchanged. Therefore, the adjustment of the supply amount for 2008 shall not be deemed as breach of contract and doesnt fall under the breach of contract clause. 4 10.7 Other matters shall be in accordance with the Contract Law of the Peoples Republic of China __clusterTitleType__17 
 Executive acknowledges that Executives breach of the covenants contained in paragraphs 8-10 (collectively Covenants) would cause irreparable injury to Company and agrees that in the event of any such breach, Company shall be entitled to seek temporary, preliminary and permanent injunctive relief without the necessity of proving actual damages or posting any bond or other security. __clusterTitleType__17 
 OPTIONEE ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE VESTING OF ANY PORTION OF THIS OPTION PURSUANT TO THE VESTING SCHEDULE HEREOF IS EARNED ONLY BY CONTINUING AS AN EMPLOYEE OR SERVICE PROVIDER. OPTIONEE FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THIS OPTION AGREEMENT, THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER AND THE VESTING SCHEDULE SET FORTH HEREIN DO NOT CONSTITUTE AN EXPRESS OR IMPLIED PROMISE OF CONTINUED ENGAGEMENT AS AN EMPLOYEE OR SERVICE PROVIDER FOR THE VESTING PERIOD, FOR ANY PERIOD, OR AT ALL. __clusterTitleType__17 
  1. Reference to and Effect on the Existing Credit Agreement and the Other Loan Documents (a) Except as specifically amended by this Amendment, the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents relating thereto shall remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed (b) The execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment shall not, except as expressly provided herein, constitute a waiver of any provision of, or operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders under, the Credit Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents relating thereto 2. Headings Section and subsection headings in this Amendment are included herein for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part of this Amendment for any other purpose or be given any substantive effect. 3. Applicable Law THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 4. Counterparts This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed an original, but all such counterparts together shall constitute but one and the same instrument; signature pages may be detached from multiple separate counterparts and attached to a single counterpart so that all signature pages are physically attached to the same document. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the date first written above. QUIKSILVER AMERICAS, INC., as the Borrower By: Name: Title: QUIKSILVER, INC., as a Guarantor By: Name: Title: RHNE GROUP L.L.C., as Administrative Agent By: Name: Title: ROMOLO HOLDINGS C.V., as Lender By: Name: Title: TRITON SPV L.P., as Lender By: Triton GP SPV LLC, as General Partner By: Name: Title: TRITON ONSHORE SPV L.P., as Lender By: Triton GP SPV LLC, as General Partner By: Name: Title: TRITON OFFSHORE SPV L.P., as Lender By: Triton GP SPV LLC, as General Partner By: Name: Title: TRITON COINVESTMENT SPV L.P., as Lender By: Triton GP SPV LLC By: Name: Title: __clusterTitleType__12 
 This Agreement will commence on the date first written above and continue until terminated in accordance with Section 9. __clusterTitleType__18 
 The parties, abiding by the principles of mutual benefit, win-win and mutual development, have reached an agreement on the principles to determine pricing for photovoltaic modules after thorough due diligence on the market conditions of upstream and downstream markets of the photovoltaic industry. Given that the benchmark price of a standard photovoltaic module is * * * and Party Bs benchmark profit margin is * * *, Party Bs profit margins corresponding to the sales prices of modules shall be as follows: Price of Modules (/W) * * * (exclusive of both numbers) * * * * * * (exclusive of both numbers) * * * Party Bs Profit Margin * * * * * * * * * * * * If Party B needs to lower the price of its module products in order to obtain purchase orders with a larger volume and in the event that sales price of the modules may be lower than 2.0/W, Party B shall not enter into any module sales agreements without the prior consent of Party A. Otherwise, Party A will not be bind by any obligations. If Party A gives its prior consent under such circumstances, both parties will agree on Party Bs profit margin on a case-by-case basis. __clusterTitleType__17 
 After any such deposit of Shares, the Custodian shall notify the Depositary of such deposit and of the information contained in any related Delivery Order by letter, first class airmail postage prepaid, or, at the request, risk and expense of the person making the deposit, by cable, telex or facsimile transmission. After receiving such notice from the Custodian, the Depositary, subject to this Deposit Agreement, shall properly issue at the Transfer Office, to or upon the order of any person named in such notice, an ADR or ADRs registered as requested and evidencing the aggregate ADSs to which such person is entitled. 3 __clusterTitleType__17 
 Subject to your execution and the effectiveness of the release attached hereto as Exhibit A hereto (the Release of Claims), in addition to any salary payments and payments for unused vacation time owing for or through the final payroll period through the Separation Date, you shall receive the following payments and benefits for the periods indicated, less any payroll deductions required by law, which shall be in lieu of any other payments or benefits (including vacation or other paid leave time) to which you otherwise might be entitled: a. payment of an amount equal to $150,000 annually, less payroll tax deductions required by law, payable in accordance with the standard payroll practices of the Company All other benefits, perquisites or allowances will terminate effective the Separation Date; provided the Company will reimburse your reasonable expenses for travel and accommodation related to your position as consultant to the Company and you will be entitled to reimbursement for any outstanding expenses for which you are entitled to reimbursement under the Employment Letter. During such time as you are a consultant to the Company, you shall not be entitled to additional compensation for your service in any capacity to Holdings or Generac or any of their subsidiaries, or as a director of any such entities; b. the Company shall maintain Continued Benefits for the continued benefit of yourself, your spouse and your dependants for a period of 19 months commencing on the Separation Date (the Continued Benefits Period); and c. following the Continued Benefits Period, you shall be entitled to full COBRA rights; provided, however, if you elect to utilize rights under COBRA after the Separation Date, you shall be responsible for all premiums in respect thereof, as permitted by law. __clusterTitleType__17 
 __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Notes are in registered form without coupons in denominations of $1,000 and whole multiples of $1,000. A Holder may transfer or exchange Notes in accordance with the Indenture. A-8 Upon any transfer or exchange, the Registrar and the Trustee may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements or transfer documents and to pay any taxes required by law or permitted by the Indenture. The Registrar need not register the transfer of or exchange any Notes selected for redemption (except, in the case of a Note to be redeemed in part, the portion of the Note not to be redeemed) or transfer or exchange any Notes for a period of 15 days prior to a selection of Notes to be redeemed or 15 days before an interest payment date. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Each Shareholder hereby revokes (or agrees to cause to be revoked) any proxies that such Shareholder has heretofore granted with respect to such Shareholders Subject Shares. Each Shareholder hereby irrevocably appoints Parent, and any individual designated in writing by Parent, and each of them individually, as attorney-in-fact and proxy for and on behalf of such Shareholder, for and in the name, place and stead of such Shareholder, to: (a) attend any and all Company Shareholders Meetings, (b) vote, express consent or dissent or issue instructions to the record holder to vote such Shareholders Subject Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 1.1 at any and all Company Shareholders Meetings or in connection with any action sought to be taken by written consent of the shareholders of the Company without a meeting and (c) grant or withhold, or issue instructions to the record holder to grant or withhold, consistent with the provisions of Section 1.1, all written consents with respect to the Subject Shares at any and all Company Shareholders Meetings or in connection with any action sought to be taken by written consent without a meeting. Parent (or its designee) agrees not to exercise the proxy granted herein for any purpose other than the purposes described in this Agreement. The foregoing proxy shall be deemed to be a proxy coupled with an interest, is irrevocable (and as such shall survive and not be affected by the death, incapacity, mental illness or insanity of such Shareholder, as applicable) until the termination of the Merger Agreement and shall not be terminated by operation of Law or upon the occurrence of any other event other than the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 4.2. Each Shareholder authorizes such attorney and proxy to substitute any other Person to act hereunder, to revoke any substitution and to file this proxy and any substitution or revocation with the secretary of the Company. Each Shareholder hereby affirms that the proxy set forth in this Section 1.4 is given in connection with and granted in consideration of and as an inducement to Parent and Merger Sub to enter into the Merger Agreement and that such proxy is given to secure the obligations of the Shareholder under Section 1.1. __clusterTitleType__17 
 In case Minatura wishes to move the Equipment Minatura will first obtain the necessary approval from SSD and further subscribe for and maintain a comprehensive insurance with respect to the transport of the Equipment. __clusterTitleType__17 
  As provided in the Indenture, this 5 Year Note is transferable only on the 5 Year Note register maintained by the Registrar, upon surrender of this 5 Year Note for transfer at the office of the Registrar, duly endorsed by, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in a form satisfactory to the Company and the Registrar duly executed by, the registered holder hereof or his attorney duly authorized in writing, a copy of which authorization must be delivered with any such instrument of transfer, and thereupon one or more new 5 Year Notes, of authorized denominations and for the same aggregate principal amount, will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees. A service fee may be charged to replace a lost or stolen 5 Year Note, to transfer this 5 Year Note or to issue a replacement payment check. The Company, the Trustee and any agent of the Company or the Trustee may treat the person in whose name this 5 Year Note is registered as the owner hereof for the purpose of receiving payment as herein provided and for all other purposes, and neither the Company, the Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary. The Company currently serves as the Registrar and Paying Agent for the 5 Year Notes. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Each party shall indemnify and hold harmless the other parties, its officers, directors, and employees from and against any and all liability, loss, damage, cost or expense (including court costs and reasonable attorney fees) for any claims, demands, suits or causes of action, of whatsoever nature and by whomever asserted, in any way (i) arising out of, resulting from, or relating to the breach of this Agreement by that party, and (ii) arising out of, resulting from or relating to the actions of that party to this Agreement which are beyond the reasonable control of the other party or parties. __clusterTitleType__25 
 This Agreement will terminate upon the performance of all obligations of Debtor to Bank, including without limitation, the payment of all Indebtedness of Debtor to Bank, and the termination of all commitments of Bank to extend credit to Debtor, existing at the time Bank receives written notice from Debtor of the termination of this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__5 
 (a) On or before December 29, 2009, Purchaser shall pay directly, to Seller, by wire transfer of immediately available federal funds, an additional deposit of $358,000, pursuant to the wire instructions attached hereto as Exhibit A. Upon making such deposit, the total Deposit shall be $1,000,000. (b) On or before January 8, 2010, Purchaser shall deposit an additional $500,000 with Escrow Agent. Upon making such deposit, the total Deposit shall be $1,500,000 (of which $1,000,000 shall be held directly by Seller and $500,000 shall be held in escrow by the Escrow Agent pursuant to the terms of the Contract). __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware. __clusterTitleType__7 
 (a)Restricted Stock. The Committee, in its discretion, may grant or sell Restricted Stock to Eligible Individuals. An Award of Restricted Stock shall consist of one or more Shares granted or sold to an Eligible Individual, and shall be subject to the terms, conditions and restrictions set forth in the Plan and established by the Committee in connection with the Award and specified in the applicable Award Document. Restricted Stock may, among other things, be subject to restrictions on transferability, vesting requirements or other specified circumstances under which it may be canceled. (b)Restricted Stock Units. The Committee, in its discretion, may grant Restricted Stock Units to Eligible Individuals. A Restricted Stock Unit shall entitle a Participant to receive, subject to the terms, conditions and restrictions set forth in the Plan and the applicable Award Document, one or more Shares. Restricted Stock Units may, among other things, be subject to restrictions on transferability, vesting requirements or other specified circumstances under which they may be canceled. If and when the cancellation provisions lapse, the Restricted Stock Units shall become Shares owned by the applicable Participant or, at the sole discretion of the Committee, cash, or a combination of cash and Shares, with a value equal to the Fair Market Value of the Shares at the time of payment. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Holder is acquiring the Repriced Warrants for its own account as principal, for investment purposes only, and not with a present view to, or for, resale, distribution or fractionalization thereof, in whole or in part, within the meaning of the Securities Act, other than as contemplated by Article 7 hereof. Holder understands that its acquisition of the Repriced Warrants has not been registered under the Securities Act or registered or qualified under any state securities law in reliance on specific exemptions therefrom, which exemptions may depend upon, among other things, the bona fide nature of Holder's investment intent as expressed herein. Holder has completed or caused to be completed the Accredited Investor Certificate attached to this Agreement as Exhibit C, and the responses provided therein shall be true and correct as of the Closing Date and will be true and correct as of the effective date of this Agreement. Holder has, in connection with its decision to acquire the Repriced Warrants, relied solely upon the SEC Documents and the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein. Holder will not, directly or indirectly, offer, sell, pledge, transfer or otherwise dispose of (or solicit any offers to buy, purchase or otherwise acquire or take a pledge of) any of the Securities except in compliance with the Securities Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the permitted successors and assigns of the parties hereto. __clusterTitleType__17 
 So long as any amount under this Note shall remain unpaid, the Holder will, unless the Maker otherwise consents in writing, promptly give written notice to the Maker in reasonable detail of the occurrence of any Event of Default, or any condition, event or act which with the giving of notice or the passage of time or both would constitute an Event of Default. ARTICLE III DEFAULT __clusterTitleType__4 
 Unbranded Marketer shall procure and maintain in force all permits and licenses which are required for Unbranded Marketer to operate its business and to perform and satisfy its duties, obligations and liabilities under this Agreement. 5 __clusterTitleType__17 
 24 __clusterTitleType__14 
 This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement among the parties and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements and undertakings of the parties in connection herewith. No failure or delay of the Escrow Agent in exercising any right, power or remedy may be, or may be deemed to be, a waiver thereof; nor may any single or partial exercise of any right, power or remedy preclude any other or further exercise of any right, power or remedy. In the event that any one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement, shall, for any reason, be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, then to the maximum extent permitted by law, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision of this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__14 
 This note and all the covenants and agreements contained herein shall be binding upon, and shall inure to the benefit of, the respective legal representatives, heirs, successors and permitted assigns of Makers and Payee. __clusterTitleType__20 
 This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Initial Purchasers, the Issuer, VMS, PHH and their respective successors. This Agreement and the terms and provisions hereof are for the sole benefit of only those persons, except as provided in Sections 9 and 10 with respect to affiliates, officers, directors, employees, representatives, agents and controlling persons of the Issuer, PHH, VMS and the Initial Purchasers and in Section 4(e) with respect to holders and prospective purchasers of the Securities. Nothing in this Agreement is intended or shall be construed to give any person, other than the persons referred to in this Section 11, any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect of this Agreement or any provision contained herein. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Subject to applicable law, all designations, determinations, interpretations, and other decisions under or with respect to this Agreement or any Award shall be within the sole discretion of the Committee, may be made at any time and shall be final, conclusive and binding upon all persons. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Each Shareholder (a) consents to and authorizes the publication and disclosure by Parent of such Shareholders identity and holdings of Subject Shares, the nature of such Shareholders commitments, arrangements and understandings under this Agreement and any other information, in each case, that Parent reasonably determines is required to be disclosed by applicable Law in any press release or any other disclosure document in connection with the Merger and the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and (b) agrees to promptly give to Parent any information it may reasonably require for the preparation of any such disclosure documents. Each Shareholder agrees to promptly notify Parent of any required corrections with respect to any information supplied by such Shareholder 3 specifically for use in any such disclosure document, if and to the extent that any such information shall have become false or misleading in any material respect. __clusterTitleType__17 
 2.1Position. Executive is employed as Senior Vice President and Chief Operations Officer and shall have the duties and responsibilities assigned by the Companys Chief Executive Officer, as may be reasonably assigned from time to time. Executive shall perform faithfully and diligently all duties assigned to Executive. Company reserves the right to modify Executives duties at any time in its sole and absolute discretion. 2.2Best Efforts/Full-time. Executive will expend Executives best efforts on behalf of Company and its subsidiaries, and will abide by all policies and decisions made by Company, as well as all applicable federal, state and local laws, regulations or ordinances. Executive will act in the best interest of Company at all times. Executive shall devote Executives full business time and efforts to the performance of Executives assigned duties for Company, unless Executive notifies the Companys Chief Executive Officer in advance of Executives intent to engage in other paid work and receives the Companys Chief Executive Officers express written consent to do so. __clusterTitleType__17 
  This Plan shall be governed by the laws of Ireland, without regard to conflicts of laws. __clusterTitleType__7 
 The Option will expire at the earlier of (i) 11:59 p.m. Eastern Standard Time on January 7, 2020, being the tenth anniversary of the Grant Date or (ii) 12 months after the date on which the Optionee ceases to be employed by the Employer for any reason. __clusterTitleType__1 
 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement (except as set forth in subparagraph 9(a) hereof), and without a requirement for determination as required by Paragraph 8 hereof, to the extent that the Indemnitee (a) has prepared to serve or has served as a witness in any Proceeding in any way relating to (i) the Company or any of the Companys subsidiaries, affiliates, employee benefit or welfare plans or such plans participants or beneficiaries or (ii) anything done or not done by the Indemnitee as a director of the Company or in connection with serving at the request of the Company as an agent of another enterprise, or (b) has been successful in defense of any Proceeding or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, on the merits or otherwise, including the dismissal of a Proceeding without prejudice or the settlement of a Proceeding without an admission of liability, the Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by the Indemnitee in connection therewith to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. __clusterTitleType__17 
  All slip sheet and/or pallet merchandise must be stretch wrapped to help prevent merchandise loss or damage during shipment. Do not place labels on the stretch wrap. Always ensure all labels and packing lists are securely placed on the inside of the stretch wrap. Stretch wrap must be of top quality in stretch, memory, and retention, and should be 80 (eighty)-gauge material minimum. 1.Corrugated cases stacked on the perimeter of a pallet must have at least one bar code label visible.  All different part numbers stacked on a pallet must be visible. Any pallet containing more than one part number must contain a skid summary sheet listing contents and quantity on that pallet. 2.Corrugated cardboard cases are the preferred type of package.  Master pack cases holding multiple pieces of one part number must be consistent in size and shape and hold an identical number of pieces. 3.Containers must provide sufficient strength and stability to withstand double stacking of pallet loads.  Deviations to this must be pre approved by OReillys Director of Distribution and will be provided in writing. 4.Metal fasteners or staples are not acceptable.  The preferred closure for corrugated containers is glue. If tape is used, ensure that the tape does not overlap or cover the bar code label in any way. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Company in issuing the Securities may use one or more CUSIP numbers, and, if the Company does so, the Trustee shall use the CUSIP number(s) in notices of redemption or exchange as a convenience to Holders, PROVIDED, that any such notice may state that no representation is made as to the correctness or accuracy of the CUSIP number(s) printed in the notice or on the Securities, and that reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed on the Securities, and that any such redemption or exchange shall not be affected by any defect in or omission of any such numbers. __clusterTitleType__17 
 -4- If to the Company: c/o Shaanxi Tianren Food Company, Ltd. Attn: Mr. Yongke Xue, Chief Executive Officer A-4/F Tongxinge, Xietong Building, No.12, Gaoxin 2nd Road, Hi&Tech Zone, Xi'an, Shaanxi,710065 Email: xyk666@163.com Fax: 011-86-29-88386656-86 with a copy to, which copy shall not constitute a notice: Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati P.C. 38F, Unit 01-04 Jin Mao Tower, 88 Century Avenue Pudong New Area, Shanghai 200121 Attention: Laura Hua Luo, Esq E-mail: lluo@wsgr.com Fax: 86 (21) 6165 1799 If to the Warrant Holder: Spring Liu 362 W. Woodruff Ave. Arcadia, CA 91007 __clusterTitleType__4 
  As of the execution date of this Agreement and every transferring date, Party B, Party C hereby represent and warrant collectively and respectively to Party A as follows: 3.1It has the power and ability to enter into and deliver this Agreement, and any equity interest transferring Agreement (Transferring Agreement, respectively) having it as a party, for every single transfer of the Purchased Equity Interest according to this Agreement, and to perform its obligations under this Agreement and any Transferring Agreement.  Upon execution, this Agreement and the Transferring Agreements having it as a party will constitute a legal, valid and binding obligation of it enforceable against it in accordance with its terms; 3.2The execution, delivery of this Agreement and any Transferring Agreement and performance of the obligations under this Agreement and any Transferring Agreement will not: (i) cause to violate any relevant laws and regulations of PRC; (ii) constitute a conflict with its Articles of Association or other organizational documents; (iii) cause to breach any Agreement or instruments to which it is a party or having binding obligation on it, or constitute the breach under any Agreement or instruments to which it is a party or having binding obligation on it; (iv) cause to violate relevant authorization of any consent or approval to it and/or any continuing valid condition; or (v) cause any consent or approval authorized to it to be suspended, removed, or into which other requests be added;  10 3.3The shares of Party B are transferable, and Party B has not permitted or caused any security interest to be imposed upon the shares of Party B.  3.4Party B does not have any unpaid debt, other than (i) debt arising from its normal business; and (ii) debt disclosed to Party A and obtained by written consent of Party A;  3.5Party B has complied with all PRC laws and regulations applicable to the acquisition of assets and securities in connection with this Agreement;  3.6No litigation, arbitration or administrative procedure relevant to the Equity Interests and assets of Party B or Party B itself is in process or to be settled and the Parties have no knowledge of any pending or threatened claim;  11 3.7The Transferor bears the fair and salable ownership of its Equity Interest free of encumbrances of any kind, other than the security interest pursuant to the Equity Pledge Agreement.  __clusterTitleType__11 
 The Executive's regular place of work shall be 1238 Brittain Rd., Akron, OH 44310, or such other place that it may designate from time to time. However, if the Company desires to move its office out of such area, or any other area it thereafter designates, the Company shall provide Executive with no less than one (1) years time to complete his relocation. The Company shall pay the Executive's reasonable moving expenses. __clusterTitleType__13 
  (a)post, shall be deemed to have been served five calendar days after the time when the letter containing the same is posted and if served by courier, shall be deemed to have been served five calendar days after the time when the letter containing the same is delivered to the courier (in proving such service it shall be sufficient to prove that the letter containing the notice or document was properly addressed and duly posted or delivered to the courier);  (b)facsimile, shall be deemed to have been served upon confirmation of receipt;  (c)recognised delivery service, shall be deemed to have been served 48 hours after the time when the letter containing the same is delivered to the courier service and in proving such service it shall be sufficient to provide that the letter containing the notice or documents was properly addressed and duly posted or delivered to the courier; or  (d)electronic means as provided herein shall be deemed to have been served and delivered on the day following that on which it is successfully transmitted or at such later time as may be prescribed by any applicable laws or regulations.  __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Company hereby agrees to continue to employ Executive, and Executive hereby agrees to continue to serve the Company, on the terms and conditions set forth herein for the period commencing as of January 1, 2010 and expiring on January 1, 2013 (the Employment Period). The Employment Period shall automatically be renewed on January 1, 2013 for a period of an additional three years from such date unless, not later than July 1, 2012, the Company or Executive has given notice to the other party that it or he, as the case may be, does not wish to have the Employment Period extended. Such extension shall be included in the defined term Employment Period. In any case, the Employment Period may be terminated earlier under the terms and conditions set forth herein. __clusterTitleType__18 
 This Agreement shall bind the assigns and successors of the respective parties. The right of either party to require strict performance by the other party hereunder shall not be affected by any previous waiver, forbearance or course of dealing. No delay or omission of CITGO in exercising or enforcing any right or power accruing upon any breach of this Agreement by UNBRANDED MARKETER shall impair any such right or power, or shall be construed to be a waiver of any breach of this Agreement, or any acquiescence therein. All notices hereunder shall be deemed to have been sufficiently given if and when presented or mailed by certified mail to the parties at the addresses above or such other addresses as may be furnished to the other in writing by certified mail. All understandings and agreements relating to the subject matter hereof either verbal or written, except insofar as incorporated in this Agreement, are hereby 8 canceled and withdrawn. CITGO has made no promises, claims or representations to UNBRANDED MARKETER which are not contained in this Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and may be altered only by writing signed by the parties hereto. This Agreement shall not be binding upon CITGO until it has been duly accepted by CITGO as evidenced by the signature of its authorized designee. Commencement of dealing between the parties shall not be deemed a waiver of this requirement. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Oklahoma. UNBRANDED MARKETER consents to jurisdiction and venue in the state and federal courts located within Houston, Harris County, Texas. The parties have executed this Agreement as of the date set forth on the first page of this Agreement. CITGO PETROLEUM CORPORATION JEI DISTRIBUTING A LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY By: /s/ Terrence P. Sullivan By: /s/ Stan Guidroz Print Name: Terrence P. Sullivan Print Name: Stan Guidroz Title: Mgr., Wholesale Region Sales - Commercial Title: President 9 __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Company shall be responsible for any and all compliance with the securities laws applicable to it, including Regulation D and the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and Rule 506 promulgated thereunder, and unless otherwise agreed in writing, all state securities (blue sky) laws. Rodman agrees to cooperate with counsel to the Company in that regard. __clusterTitleType__17 
 : Any of the following events shall be an Event of Default hereunder : (a) An event of default occurs (after any applicable grace period has expired) under any agreement, instrument or document evidencing, guarantying, securing or otherwise executed or delivered in connection with any of the Obligations, as Event of Default shall be defined therein, including, but not limited to, the Credit Agreement or the Note 8 (b) Any representation or warranty of Debtor set forth in this Agreement or in any agreement, instrument, document, certificate or financial statement evidencing, guarantying, securing or otherwise related to, this Agreement or any other Obligation shall be materially inaccurate or misleading (c) Debtor shall fail to maintain in force the insurance required in this Agreement or in any agreement, instrument, document, certificate or financial statement evidencing, guarantying, securing or otherwise related to, this Agreement or any other Obligation, or Debtor shall otherwise default in the observance or performance of any covenant or agreement set forth in any of the foregoing for a period of thirty (30) days. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The provisions of Section 19 of the Plan shall not apply to your PSUs in the event of a Change of Control of the Company, but your Change of Control Severance Agreement with the Company (Severance Agreement), including Section 5 thereof, shall apply to your PSUs. For purposes of this Agreement, Change of Control shall have the meaning given to the term in your Severance Agreement, as it may be amended with respect to such term from time to time. In the event of a Change of Control prior to the end of the Measurement Year, the performance vesting provisions shall be eliminated and your PSUs shall, instead, vest with an Applicable Percentage of one hundred percent (100%) as of the earlier of the Settlement Date or the termination of your employment following the Change of Control under circumstances that would give rise to payment of the Change in Control Severance Amount (as defined in your Severance Agreement). If the performance vesting provisions of this Agreement have been eliminated as provided for herein, your PSUs shall be treated as equivalent Restricted Stock Units having a Period of Restriction ending on the Settlement Date, subject to the terms and conditions of Section 5 of your Change of Control Severance Agreement. If a Change of Control occurs after the end of the Measurement Year, but before the Committee has certified achievement of the performance goals, and you were employed by the Company on the date of the Change of Control, you will have the right, on the Settlement Date, to receive your vested PSU Shares or the dollar value equivalent thereof, at the Companys option, based on audited financial statements that include the Companys financial results required for purposes of determining the relative achievement of the performance goals. For purposes of the preceding sentence, the Settlement Date shall be deemed to be the date 3 business days following the date on which the company that survives the Change of Control publicly or privately issues audited financial statements that include results of the Companys Measurement Year, but in no event shall the Settlement Date be later than ninety (90) days following the end of the Measurement Year. In the event your PSUs are vested upon termination of your employment pursuant to this Paragraph 5 following a Change of Control prior to the end of the Measurement Year, subject to the provisions of Paragraphs 6 and 9 of this Agreement, the Target Number of PSU Shares set forth in your Grant Notice shall be issued to you as of a date that is thirty (30) days following the effective date the termination of your employment. __clusterTitleType__1 
 The Company will pay all stock transfer and similar taxes attributable to the delivery of the Common Stock pursuant to the Notes; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to pay any such tax or taxes that may be payable in respect of any registration of a share of Common Stock in a name other than that of the registered Holder surrendered in respect of the Notes evidenced thereby, other than in the name of the Trustee, as custodian for such Holder, and the Company shall not be required to deliver such share certificates unless and until the Person or Persons requesting the transfer or registration thereof shall have paid to the Company the amount of such tax or shall have established to the satisfaction of the Company that such tax has been paid. ARTICLE IV ADJUSTMENTS __clusterTitleType__2 
 Shares of Series A Preferred Stock which have been issued and reacquired in any manner shall (upon compliance with any applicable provisions of the laws of the State of Texas) have the status of authorized and unissued shares of Series A Preferred Stock issuable in series undesignated as to series and may be redesignated and reissued. __clusterTitleType__17 
  Each party recognizes that this Agreement is a legally binding contract and acknowledges that such party has had the opportunity to consult with legal counsel of choice. In any construction of the terms of this Agreement, the same shall not be construed against either party on the basis of that party being the drafter of such terms. [Remainder of this page intentionally has been intentionally left blank.] 8 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been executed as of the date first written above. Daqo New Energy Corp. By: Name: Title: Executive Signature: Name: 9 Schedule A Cash Compensation Amount Pay Period Base Salary Cash Bonus 10 Schedule B List of Prior Inventions Title Date Identifying Number or Brief Description No inventions or improvements Additional Sheets Attached Signature of Executive: Print Name of Executive: Date: 11 __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Agreement and the legal relations among the parties shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. The Company and Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally (i) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the Chancery Court of the State of Delaware (the Delaware Court), and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of America or any court in any other country, (ii) generally and unconditionally consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Court for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, (iii) waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action or proceeding in the Delaware Court, and (iv) waive, and agree not to plead or to make, any claim that any such action or proceeding brought in the Delaware Court has been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum. The foregoing consent to jurisdiction shall not constitute general consent to service of process in the state for any purpose except as provided above, and shall not be deemed to confer rights on any person other than the parties to this Agreement. [SIGNATURE PAGE TO FOLLOW] 17 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on and as of the day and year first above written. COMPANY By: Name: Title: INDEMNITEE Name: Address: 18 __clusterTitleType__19 
 33 __clusterTitleType__14 
 You hereby agree that the Company shall have the right to offset against its obligation to deliver cash under this Agreement to the extent that it does not constitute non-qualified deferred compensation pursuant to Section 409A, any outstanding amounts of whatever nature that you then owe to the Company or a subsidiary of the Company. __clusterTitleType__17 
 FURTHER, GUARANTOR HEREBY CONSENTS AND SUBJECTS GUARANTOR TO THE JURISDICTION OF COURTS OF THE STATE OF OHIO AND, WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, TO THE VENUE OF SUCH COURTS IN ANY COUNTY IN WHICH BANK IS LOCATED. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Director who is in any way , whether directly or indirectly , interested in a contract or proposed contract with the Company shall declare the nature of his interest at a meeting of the Directors . A general notice given to the Directors by any Director to the effect that he is a member of any specified company or firm and is to be regarded as interested in any contract which may thereafter be made with that company or firm shall be deemed a sufficient declaration of interest in regard to any contract so made. A Director may vote in respect of any contract or proposed contract or arrangement notwithstanding that he may be interested therein and if he does so his vote shall be counted and he may be counted in the quorum at any meeting of the Directors at which any such contract or proposed contract or arrangement shall come before the meeting for consideration. __clusterTitleType__17 
 If this Warrant is lost, stolen, mutilated, or destroyed, the Company may on such terms as to indemnity or otherwise as it may in its discretion impose (which shall, in the case of a mutilated Warrant, include the surrender thereof), issue a new warrant of like denomination, tenor, and date. Any such new warrant shall constitute a substitute contractual obligation of the Company, whether or not the allegedly lost, stolen, mutilated, or destroyed Warrant shall be at any time enforceable by anyone. __clusterTitleType__17 
  The Goods will be delivered upon receipt of payment. The corresponding VAT invoice will be provided by Party A within seven (7) working days after Party B receives the Goods, confirms the quantity and inspects to be qualified. __clusterTitleType__17 
 (a) Upon the effectiveness hereof, each reference to the Credit Agreement in the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement as amended hereby. (b) Except as specifically amended above, the Credit Agreement and all other documents, instruments and agreements executed and/or delivered in connection therewith shall remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed. (c) The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders, nor constitute a waiver of any provision of the Credit Agreement or any other documents, instruments and agreements executed and/or delivered in connection therewith. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Any notice required to be given or delivered to the Company under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and addressed to the Corporate Secretary of the Company at its principal corporate offices. Any notice required to be given or delivered to Optionee shall be in writing and addressed to Optionee at the address indicated herein or to such other address as such party may designate in writing from time to time to the Company. All notices shall be deemed to have been given or delivered upon actual personal delivery; three (3) days after deposit in the United States mail by certified or registered mail (return receipt requested); one (1) business day after deposit with any return receipt express courier (prepaid); or one (1) business day after transmission by facsimile with a corresponding facsimile transmission confirmation sheet. __clusterTitleType__4 
 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of his or her Corporate Status, a witness, or is made (or asked to) respond to discovery requests, in any Proceeding to which Indemnitee is not a party, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection therewith. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The obligations of the Placement Agent and the Investors, and the closing of the sale of the Securities hereunder, are subject to each of the following terms and conditions: (A) No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall have been issued and no proceedings for that purpose shall have been initiated or threatened by the Commission (B) All corporate proceedings and other legal matters incident to the authorization, form, execution, delivery and validity of each of this Agreement, the Securities, the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement and all other legal matters relating to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be reasonably satisfactory in all material respects to counsel for the Placement Agent (C) No action shall have been taken and no statute, rule, regulation or order shall have been enacted, adopted or issued by any governmental agency or body which would, as of the Closing Date, prevent the issuance or sale of Securities or materially and adversely affect or potentially and adversely affect the business or operations of the Company; and no injunction, restraining order or order of any other nature by any federal or state court of competent jurisdiction shall have been issued as of the Closing Date which would prevent the issuance or sale of the Securities or materially and adversely affect or potentially and adversely affect the business or operations of the Company. (D) The Company shall have prepared and filed with the Commission a Current Report on Form 8-K with respect to the Offering, including as an exhibit thereto this Agreement (E) FINRA shall have raised no objection to the fairness and reasonableness of the terms and arrangements of this Agreement. The Company shall make an Issuer Filing with FINRA pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110 with respect to the Registration Statement and pay all filing fees in connection therewith. 5 (F) Prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall have furnished to the Placement Agent such further information, certificates and documents as the Placement Agent may reasonably request, including an opinion of outside counsel to the Company, addressed to the Placement Agent, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agent __clusterTitleType__17 
 (a) Guarantor is an Ohio trust duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Ohio; that Guarantor has the right, power and authority to execute, deliver and perform this Guaranty; and that Guarantor has been authorized to enter into this Guaranty by all necessary and proper action; (b) this Guaranty constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of Guarantor enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and by the availability of equitable remedies; (c) the execution, delivery and performance of this Guaranty will not violate any provision of any applicable law or material contractual obligation of Guarantor and will not result in the creation or imposition of any lien upon or with respect to any property or revenues of Guarantor; and that the execution, delivery and performance of this Guaranty will not violate any provision of Guarantors Trust Agreement or any other organization or governing documents of Guarantor; Page 5 of 7 (d) no consent or authorization of, filing with, or other act by or in respect of, any arbitrator or governmental authority and no consent of any other person (including, without limitation, any beneficiary of Guarantor), is required in connection with the execution, delivery, performance, validity or enforceability of this Guaranty; (e) no actions, suits or proceedings before any court, tribunal, arbitrator or governmental authority are pending or, to the knowledge of Guarantor, threatened by or against Guarantor or against any of its properties or with respect to this Guaranty or any of the transactions contemplated hereby; (f) Guarantor shall preserve and maintain its existence, rights, franchises and privileges in the jurisdiction of the State of Ohio or in any other jurisdiction required by law; and (g) It shall not permit any legal or beneficial interest in Guarantor to be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise encumbered. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Agency agrees to keep confidential all information herein and/or related to Debt Owner and the Account Debtors, including but not limited to Privacy Provisions of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 for which Agency obtains or develops as a result of collecting Accounts. All such information may be used solely by Agency as necessary for the performance of Agencys obligations under this agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
  (a)Cash Compensation.  The Executives cash compensation (inclusive of the statutory welfare reserves that the Company is required to set aside for the Executive under applicable law) shall be provided by the Company pursuant to Schedule A hereto, subject to annual review and adjustment by the Company or the compensation committee of the Board (or the Board itself, before the formation of the compensation committee). (b)Equity Incentives.  To the extent the Company adopts and maintains a share incentive plan, the Executive will be eligible for participating in such plan pursuant to the terms thereof as determined by the Company, [and the Company will grant an option to purchase  ordinary shares of the Company to you at an exercise price to be determined by the Board.] (c)Benefits.  The Executive is eligible for participation in any standard employee benefit plan of the Company that currently exists or may be adopted by the Company in the future, including, but not limited to, any retirement plan, health insurance plan and travel/holiday policy. __clusterTitleType__30 
 The obligation of each Purchaser hereunder to purchase the Debentures and the Warrants at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions, provided that these conditions are for each Purchaser's sole benefit and may be waived by such Purchaser at any time in its sole discretion by providing the Company with prior written notice thereof: (i)The Company shall have duly executed and delivered (physically or by electronic copy) to such Purchaser (i) each of the Transaction Documents and (ii) the Warrants, and (iii) the Debentures (allocated in such principal amounts as such Purchaser shall request), being purchased by such Purchaser at the Closing pursuant to this Agreement - - (ii)The representations and warranties of the Company shall be true and correct in all material respects (except for those representations and warranties that are qualified by materiality or material adverse effect, which shall be true and correct in all respects) as of the date when made and as of the Closing Date as though made at that time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date, which shall be true and correct as of such specified date) and the Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by the Transaction Documents to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company at or prior to the Closing Date __clusterTitleType__17 
 No provision of this Agreement may be modified, waived or discharged unless such waiver, modification or discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by the Executive and such officer as may be specifically designated by the Board. No waiver by either party hereto at any time of any breach by the other party hereto of, or of any lack of compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by such other party shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same or at any prior or subsequent time. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties concerning the specific subject matter addressed by this Agreement and supersedes all prior agreements addressing the terms and conditions contained herein. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to amend or otherwise alter the change in control provisions or any other provisions of any (a) stock option or other compensation or incentive award that may heretofore have been or may hereafter be granted to the Executive, or (b) employee benefit or fringe benefit plan in which the Executive may heretofore have been or may hereafter be a participant. The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York. All references to sections of the Code or the Exchange Act shall be deemed also to refer to any successor provisions to such sections and to IRS or SEC regulations and official guidance published thereunder. Any payments provided for hereunder shall be subject to any applicable withholding required under federal, state or local law and any additional withholding to which the Executive has agreed. The obligations of the Company and the Executive under this Agreement which by their nature may require either partial or total performance after the expiration of the Term (including, without limitation, those under Sections 6 and 7 hereof) shall survive such expiration. __clusterTitleType__12 
 No terms of this Warrant may be amended, waived or modified except by the express written consent of the Company and the Holder. __clusterTitleType__8 
 This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable to contracts made and to be performed in the State of New York. The parties hereto each hereby waive any right to trial by jury in any action, proceeding or counterclaim arising out of or relating to this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Each and every paragraph, sentence, term and provision of this Agreement is separate and distinct so that if any paragraph, sentence, term or provision thereof shall be held to be invalid, unlawful or unenforceable for any reason, such invalidity, unlawfulness or unenforceability shall not affect the validity, unlawfulness or enforceability of any other paragraph, sentence, term or provision hereof. To the extent required, any paragraph, sentence, term or provision of this Agreement may be modified by a court of competent jurisdiction to preserve its validity and to provide the Indemnitee with the broadest possible indemnification permitted under applicable law. The Companys inability, pursuant to a court order or decision, to perform its obligations under this Agreement shall not constitute a breach of this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__14 
 __clusterTitleType__17 
 If one or more provisions of this Note are held to be unenforceable under applicable law, such provisions shall be excluded from this Note, and the balance of this Note shall be interpreted as if such provisions were so excluded and shall be enforceable in accordance with its terms. __clusterTitleType__14 
 __clusterTitleType__1 
  The Holder shall not be entitled to exercise this Warrant on an exercise date, in connection with that number of shares of Common Stock which would be in excess of the sum of (i) the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its affiliates on an exercise date, and (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of this Warrant with respect to which the determination of this limitation is being made on an exercise date, which would result in beneficial ownership by the Holder and its affiliates of more than 4.99% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock on such date. For the purposes of the immediately preceding sentence, beneficial ownership shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act and Rule 13d-3 thereunder. Subject to the foregoing, the Holder shall not be limited to aggregate exercises which would result in the issuance of more than 4.99%. The restriction described in this paragraph may be waived, in whole or in part, upon sixty-one (61) days prior notice from the Holder to the Company to increase such percentage to up to 9.99%, but not in excess of 9.99%. The Holder may decide whether to convert a Convertible Note or exercise this Warrant to achieve an actual 4.99% or up to 9.99% ownership position as described above, but not in excess of 9.99%. __clusterTitleType__17 
  The vesting of this Award (other than pursuant to accelerated vesting in certain circumstances as provided in Section 3 below) shall be subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in subsections A and B of this Section 2: A. Section 162(m) Vesting Requirement This Award is subject to performance vesting requirements under this Section 2.A, with respect to all Tranches, based upon the achievement of the Performance Targets applicable to the Performance Periods which are set forth below, subject to certification of achievement of such Performance Targets by the Committee pursuant to Section 4.8 of the Plan. The respective Performance Targets (together with the Business Criteria with respect to such Performance Targets) shall be established by the Committee for each Tranche by no later than 90 days following the beginning of the Performance Period applicable to such Tranche. If the Performance Target for a Tranche is not satisfied, all of the Stock Units comprising such Tranche shall be immediately forfeited. For each of the Tranches of Stock Units granted hereunder the Performance Period shall be the last fiscal year (or a portion thereof) of Disney ending prior to the Scheduled Vesting Date of such Tranche. 1 B. Service Vesting Requirement In addition to the performance vesting requirements of subsection A of this Section 2, the right of the Participant to receive payment of any Tranche of this Award shall become vested only if he or she remains continuously employed by Disney or an Affiliate thereof from the date hereof until the Scheduled Vesting Date of such Tranche; provided, however, that, nothing set forth herein shall be deemed to modify, qualify, or otherwise derogate from, the requirement of Section 4.8 of the Plan that the Committee certify in writing (which writing may be the approved minutes of the Committee) that the applicable Performance Targets of Section 2.A above have been satisfied prior to the payment of any amount to the Participant under this Award. If the service vesting requirements of this Section 2.B are not satisfied for any Tranche or Tranches, the applicable number of Stock Units shall be immediately forfeited and the Participants rights with respect thereto shall cease. All Stock Units for which all of the requirements of this Section 2 have been satisfied shall become vested and shall thereafter be payable in accordance with Section 5 hereof. __clusterTitleType__1 
 Any notice required or permitted by this Agreement shall be deemed given if sent by registered mail, postage prepaid with return receipt requested, addressed to the other party at the address set forth in the preamble of this Agreement or at such other address for which such party gives notice hereunder. Delivery shall be deemed effective three (3) days after deposit with postal authorities. __clusterTitleType__4 
 This Agreement, including the Employee Innovations and Proprietary Rights Assignment Agreement incorporated herein by reference and Companysstock option planand related option documents described in paragraph 4.3 of this Agreement, constitutes the entire agreement between the parties relating to this subject matter and supersedes all prior or simultaneous representations, discussions, negotiations, and agreements, whether written or oral. This Agreement may be amended or modified only with the written consent of Executive and the Companys Chief Executive Officer. No oral waiver, amendment or modification will be effective under any circumstances whatsoever. THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT HAVE READ THE FOREGOING AGREEMENT AND FULLY UNDERSTAND EACH AND EVERY PROVISION CONTAINED HEREIN. WHEREFORE, THE PARTIES HAVE EXECUTED THIS AGREEMENT ON THE DATES SHOWN BELOW. Dated: 1/08/2010 Sasha Gala Senior Vice President & Chief Operations Officer Dated: 1/08/2010 By: Joseph Flynn President and Chief Executive Officer AUXILIO, Inc. 27401 Los Altos, Suite 100 Mission Viejo, CA 92691 EXHIBIT A INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN Bonus Target: $40,000 based on margin targets, account renewals, new contracts and Personal Performance Incentive Compensation - Bonus: VP will be eligible for a bonus of up to $40,000 based on the performance of the Company and the performance of your duties. 1.5% of the bonus plan will be based on the Company achieving its goals of 4 new contracts from September 2009 through the end of the 2010 calendar year  2.50% will be tied to your territories existing accounts achieving a direct margin of 34% with a minimum margin of 27% prorated for percent achievement in between  3.20% will be tied to the renewal of Memorial Health System and St.  Josephs of Orange 4.25% will be tied to successfully completing the agreed upon corporate operational initiatives.  In addition, if Memorial or St. Joes renew this year VP will be eligible to receive an additional bonus of up to $15,000 based on the terms of the renewals. Amounts paid are at the sole discretion of the CEO. The bonus, if any, will be paid on a semi-annual basis in August and March based on the relevant second quarter 10Q and annual 10K filed with the SEC. Territory: The Territories assigned at this time are the Southwest and Northwest. The above compensation plan is subject to change at any time by sole discretion of the CEO. __clusterTitleType__6 
 Governing Law: Consent to Jurisdiction and Venue. EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THE LOAN AGREEMENT AND ANY OF THE LOAN DOCUMENTS, THIS AGREEMENT, THE LOAN AGREEMENT AND THE LOAN DOCUMENTS AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER AND THEREUNDER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF ILLINOIS, WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICTS OF LAWS PRINCIPLES. EACH BORROWER HEREBY CONSENTS AND AGREES THAT THE STATE OR FEDERAL COURTS LOCATED IN COOK COUNTY, ILLINOIS SHALL HAVE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION TO HEAR AND DETERMINE ANY CLAIMS OR DISPUTES BETWEEN BORROWER AND AGENT OR ANY LENDER PERTAINING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE LOAN AGREEMENT OR THE LOAN DOCUMENTS OR TO ANY MATTER ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE LOAN AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE LOAN DOCUMENTS; PROVIDED, THAT NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE DEEMED OR OPERATE TO PRECLUDE AGENT FROM BRINGING SUIT OR TAKING OTHER LEGAL ACTION IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION TO COLLECT THE OBLIGATIONS, TO REALIZE ON THE COLLATERAL OR ANY OTHER SECURITY FOR THE OBLIGATIONS, OR TO ENFORCE A JUDGMENT OR OTHER COURT ORDER IN FAVOR OF AGENT. EACH BORROWER EXPRESSLY SUBMITS AND CONSENTS IN ADVANCE TO SUCH JURISDICTION IN ANY ACTION OR SUIT COMMENCED IN ANY SUCH COURT, AND EACH BORROWER HEREBY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION WHICH IT MAY HAVE BASED UPON LACK OF PERSONAL JURISDICTION, IMPROPER VENUE OR FORUM NON CONVENIENS AND HEREBY CONSENTS TO THE GRANTING OF SUCH LEGAL OR EQUITABLE RELIEF AS IS DEEMED APPROPRIATE BY SUCH COURT. EACH BORROWER HEREBY WAIVES PERSONAL SERVICE OF ANY AND ALL PROCESS ISSUED IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR SUIT AND AGREES THAT SERVICE OF SUCH PROCESS MAY BE MADE BY REGISTERED OR CERTIFIED MAIL ADDRESSED TO SUCH BORROWER AT THE ADDRESS SET FORTH IN THE LOAN AGREEMENT AND THAT SERVICE SO MADE SHALL BE DEEMED COMPLETED UPON THE EARLIER OF SUCH BORROWERS ACTUAL RECEIPT THEREOF OR THREE (3) DAYS AFTER THE SAME HAS BEEN POSTED. __clusterTitleType__17 
 (1) Variable Rates Repayments in excess of those stated in this Offer Letter may be made at any time during the term of a variable rate advance, without penalty. (2a) Fixed Rates/ Market Related Rates Early repayments in minimum amounts of EUR10,000 or multiples thereof, are allowed on market related and fixed rate facilities/loans, subject to the provisions under  Funding Sum clause below, and to the Borrower providing 3 Business days prior notice, in writing, to the Bank. Any such notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Borrower to repay the amount, on the date specified. Early repayments will be applied in inverse order of maturity and amounts repaid will not be available for redrawing. (2b) Funding Sum There will be a funding sum payment by the Borrower in the event of: early repayment in full partial early repayment(s) conversion to a variable interest rate conversion to another fixed interest rate, within the initial fixed rate period or any further fixed rate period failure to drawdown a facility for which the rate has been booked with the Bank in advance The funding sum will be the amount calculated by the Bank of all losses, costs and expenses arising from such events. A certificate of an officer of the Bank as to the amount of the funding sum shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Use of the masculine pronoun shall be deemed to include usage of the feminine pronoun where appropriate. __clusterTitleType__17 
  Except as specifically provided in Section 2(a), nothing contained in this Warrant shall be construed to (a) grant the Holder any rights to vote or receive dividends or be deemed the holder of shares of the Company for any purpose, (b) confer upon the Holder any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company or 5 any right to vote, give or withhold consent to any corporate action (whether any reorganization, issue of stock, reclassification of stock, consolidation, merger, conveyance or otherwise), receive notice of meetings, receive dividends or subscription rights, or otherwise, or (c) impose any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities or as a stockholder of the Company, whether asserted by the Company or creditors of the Company, prior to the issuance of the Warrant Shares. __clusterTitleType__17 
 THE DECLARATION OF TRUST, A COPY OF WHICH, TOGETHER WITH ALL AMENDMENTS, IS DULY FILED IN THE OFFICE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF ASSESSMENTS AND TAXATION OF THE STATE OF MARYLAND PROVIDES THAT THE NAME SENIOR HOUSING PROPERTIES TRUST REFERS TO THE TRUSTEES COLLECTIVELY AS TRUSTEES, BUT NOT INDIVIDUALLY OR PERSONALLY. NO TRUSTEE, OFFICER, SHAREHOLDER, EMPLOYEE OR AGENT OF THE COMPANY SHALL BE HELD TO ANY PERSONAL LIABILITY, JOINTLY OR SEVERALLY, FOR ANY OBLIGATION OF, OR CLAIM AGAINST, THE COMPANY. ALL PERSONS DEALING WITH THE COMPANY, IN ANY WAY, SHALL LOOK ONLY TO THE ASSETS OF THE COMPANY FOR THE PAYMENT OF ANY SUM OR THE PERFORMANCE OF ANY OBLIGATION. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Seller warrants for a period of One (1) year after the sale that Equipment other than consumables will be free from defects in material and workmanship. It is the Sellers sole obligation under this warranty to repair or replace the defective parts at no charge to Purchaser. All replaced parts shall become the property of Purchaser, however may require return to the manufacturer for inspection and warranty assessment. Seller agrees to provide to Purchaser detailed terms, conditions and instructions for exercise of warranty if needed. Seller represents and warrants that the [tooling equipment] is designed for, and will function properly with the SonicSampDrill sonic drill head being provided by SonicSampDrill B.V. pursuant to a services agreement between it and Purchaser. __clusterTitleType__17 
  a.Offering The undersigned understands that R SQUARED CONTRACTING, INC., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of California (the Company), is offering to sell up to an aggregate $750,000.00 principal amount of unsecured convertible promissory note (the Notes), with a required minimum raise of $250,000.00. A copy of the Note is attached hereto as Appendix A, and the terms of the Note are incorporated herein. The proceeds from the Note will be used to fund the expansion of, and further develop the product lines of the Company, pay the expenses of the instant transaction, and fund working capital needs. In addition to this Subscription Agreement, the undersigned had received and reviewed certain Company documents, including without limitation the Summary of Company Background and the Investor Risk Factors attached thereto (hereinafter Investor Packet collectively), which relates to this Offering (hereinafter Offering). The undersigned understands that the minimum Note principal is Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($250,000.00). b.Manner of Subscription The undersigned Subscriber hereby subscribes for and agrees to purchase $50,000.00 principal amount of the Notes on the terms and conditions described herein. The undersigned hereby delivers to the Company two executed copies of this Subscription Agreement. Upon receipt of such funds, the Company agrees to deliver to the undersigned a Note in the aggregate principal amount of the subscription price then paid. c. The Subscriber represents that the Subscriber is an Accredited Investor as such term is defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act) and that the Subscriber is able to bear the economic risk and illiquidity of an investment in the Securities __clusterTitleType__17 
 (a)This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties hereto and their respective estates, heirs, legal representatives, successors and assigns. (b)No assignment of any rights or obligations hereunder may be made by the Seller or by the Company without the prior written consent of the Buyer. __clusterTitleType__22 
 The Maker shall, at The Makers expense, protect, defend, indemnify, save and hold Holder harmless against any and all claims, demands, losses, expenses, damages, causes of action (whether legal or equitable in nature) asserted by any person or entity arising out of, caused by or relating to the Note, including without limitation the construction of the Note and the use or application of the proceeds of the Note, and The Maker shall pay Holder upon demand all claims, judgments, damages, losses and expenses (including court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and expenses) incurred by Holder as a result of any legal or other action arising out of the Note as aforesaid. __clusterTitleType__25 
 This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. __clusterTitleType__10 
 If any provisions of this Agreement are held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid under any applicable statute or rule of law, they are to that extent to be deemed omitted and the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. Understood, Agreed & Approved We have carefully reviewed this contract and agreed to and accept all of its terms and conditions. We are executing this Agreement as of the Effective Date above. Purchaser Seller Minatura Gold Sonic Sampling & Supply By:/S/ Paul DiasBy:/S/ Michael Casey Paul Dias, President Michael Casey, President __clusterTitleType__14 
  1.1On the basis of the representations and warranties and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the undersigned (the Subscriber) hereby irrevocably subscribes for and agrees to purchase units (the Units) at a price of US$0. 50 per Unit (such subscription and agreement to purchase being the Subscription), for an aggregate purchase price as set out on the signature page of this Subscription Agreement (the Subscription Proceeds) which is tendered herewith, on the basis of the representations and warranties and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein. 1.2Each Unit will consist of one common share in the capital of the Company (each, a Share) and one common share purchase warrant (each, a Warrant) subject to adjustment.  Each Warrant shall be non-transferable. Each whole Warrant shall entitle the holder thereof to purchase one common share in the capital of the Company (each, a Warrant Share), as presently constituted, for a period of 2 years commencing from the Closing Date (defined herein) at an exercise price of US$1.00 per Warrant Share. Certificates representing the Warrants will be in the form attached as Exhibit A hereto. The Shares, Warrants and Warrant Shares are referred to herein as the Securities. - 2 - 1.3The Company hereby agrees to sell, on the basis of the representations and warranties and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, to the Subscriber the Units.  Subject to the terms hereof, the Subscription Agreement will be effective upon its acceptance by the Company. 1.4Unless otherwise provided, all dollar amounts referred to in this Subscription Agreement are in lawful money of the United States of America.  __clusterTitleType__17 
 Green House has complied with all applicable statutes and regulations of any national, county, or other governmental entity or agency thereof, except to the extent that noncompliance would not materially and adversely affect the business, operations, properties, assets, or condition of Green House. __clusterTitleType__17 
 . Written notice of each annual meeting, signed by the Chief Executive Officer, if any, President or Vice-President, or the Secretary, or the Assistant Secretary, or by such other person or persons as the Directors designate, must be given to each stockholder entitled to vote thereat either: (a) personally or by mail or by other means of written communication, charges prepaid, addressed to the stockholder at the address appearing on the books of the corporation or given by the stockholder to the corporation for the purpose of notice, or (b) by electronic transmission to the facsimile number or electronic mail address to which the stockholder has previously consented (and not revoked the consent) to receive notice, in which cases such mailings or electronic transmissions in accordance with this Section 3 shall constitute sufficient notice to stockholders. Non-receipt of any such notice shall not invalidate any business done at any meeting at which a quorum shall be present. If a stockholder gives no address, notice shall be deemed to have been given if sent by mail or other means of communication properly addressed to the place where the registered office of the corporation in Nevada is situated, or published at least once in some newspaper of general circulation in a county in which said office is located. All such notices shall be sent to each stockholder entitled thereto not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) calendar days before each annual meeting, and shall specify the place, the day and the hour of the meeting. __clusterTitleType__17 
 This note has been issued pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, and is one of the Revolving Notes referred to in the Credit Agreement. Advances against this note by Payee or other holder hereof shall be governed by the terms and provisions of the Credit Agreement. Reference is hereby made to the Credit Agreement for all purposes. Payee is entitled to the benefits of the Credit Agreement. The unpaid principal balance of this note at any time shall be the total of all amounts lent or advanced against this note less the amount of all payments or permitted prepayments made on this note and by or for the account of Makers. All loans and advances and all payments and permitted prepayments made hereon may be endorsed by the holder of this note on a schedule which may be attached hereto (and thereby made a part hereof for all purposes) or otherwise recorded in the holders records; provided, that any failure to make notation of (a) any advance shall not cancel, limit or otherwise affect Makers obligations or any holders rights with respect to that advance, or (b) any payment or permitted prepayment of principal shall not cancel, limit or otherwise affect Makers entitlement to credit for that payment as of the date received by the holder. __clusterTitleType__17 
 (a) Upon execution of this Agreement and thereafter, Executive shall promptly and fully disclose to the Company, and with all necessary detail for a complete understanding of the same, all existing and future developments, know-how, discoveries, inventions, improvements, concepts, ideas, writings, formulae, processes and methods (whether copyrightable, patentable or otherwise) made, received, conceived, acquired or written during working hours, or otherwise, by Executive (whether or not at the request or upon the suggestion of the Company) during the period of his employment with, or rendering of advisory or consulting services to, the Company or any of its subsidiaries and affiliates, solely or jointly with others, in or relating to any activities of the Company or its subsidiaries and affiliates known to him as a consequence of his employment or the rendering of advisory and consulting services hereunder (collectively the Subject Matter). (b) Executive hereby assigns and transfers, and agrees to assign and transfer, to the Company, all his rights, title and interest in and to the Subject Matter, and Executive further agrees to deliver to the Company any and all drawings, notes, specifications and data relating to the Subject Matter, and to execute, acknowledge and deliver all such further papers, including applications for copyrights or patents, as may be necessary to obtain copyrights and patents for any thereof in any and all countries and to vest title thereto to the Company. Executive shall assist the Company in obtaining such copyrights or patents during the term of this Agreement, and at any time thereafter on reasonable notice and at mutually convenient times, and Executive agrees to testify in any prosecution or litigation involving any of the Subject Matter; provided, however, after the Term of Employment that Executive shall be compensated in a timely manner at the rate of $250 per day (or portion thereof), plus out-of-pocket expenses incurred in rendering such assistance or giving or preparing to give such testimony if it is required after the termination of this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
 UNBRANDED MARKETER shall comply with all other agreements between UNBRANDED MARKETER and CITGO. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The parties agree that any violation of the Option (other than a default in the payment of money) cannot be compensated for by damages, and any aggrieved party shall have the right, and is hereby granted the privilege, of obtaining specific performance of the Option in any court of competent jurisdiction in the event of any breach hereunder. __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Agreement may be executed in duplicate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. In the event that the document is signed by one party and faxed or emailed to another, the parties agree that a faxed or emailed signature shall be binding upon the parties to this agreement as though the signature was an original. __clusterTitleType__10 
 The Depositary may at any time resign as Depositary hereunder by written notice of its election so to do delivered to the Company, such resignation to take effect upon the appointment of a successor depositary and its acceptance of such appointment as hereinafter provided. The Depositary may at any time be removed by the Company by providing no less than 90 days prior written notice of such removal to the Depositary, such removal to take effect the later of (i) the 90th day after such notice of removal is first provided and (ii) the appointment of a successor depositary and its acceptance of such appointment as hereinafter provided. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if upon the resignation or removal of the Depositary a successor depositary is not appointed within the applicable 45-day period (in the case of resignation) or 90-day period (in the case of removal) as specified in paragraph (17) of the form of ADR, then the Depositary may elect to terminate this Deposit Agreement and the ADR and the provisions of said paragraph (17) shall thereafter govern the Depositary's obligations hereunder. In case at any time the Depositary acting hereunder shall resign or be removed, the Company shall use its best efforts to appoint a successor depositary, which shall be a bank or trust company having an office in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York. Every successor depositary shall execute and deliver to its predecessor and to the Company an instrument in writing accepting its appointment hereunder, and thereupon such successor depositary, without any further act or deed, shall become fully vested with all the rights, powers, duties and obligations of its predecessor. The predecessor depositary, only upon payment of all sums due to it and on the written request of the Company, shall (i) execute and deliver an instrument transferring to such successor all rights and powers of such predecessor hereunder (other than its rights to indemnification and fees owing, each of which shall survive any such removal and/or resignation), (ii) duly assign, transfer and deliver all right, title and interest to the Deposited Securities to such successor, and (iii) deliver to such successor a list of the Holders of all outstanding ADRs. Any such successor depositary shall promptly mail notice of its appointment to such Holders. Any bank or trust company into or with which the Depositary may be merged or consolidated, or to which the Depositary shall transfer substantially all its American depositary receipt business, shall be the successor of the Depositary without the execution or filing of any document or any further act. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Until definitive Securities are ready for delivery, the Company may prepare and execute, and the Trustee shall authenticate, temporary Securities. Temporary Securities shall be substantially in the form, and shall carry all rights, of definitive Securities, but may have variations that the Company considers appropriate for temporary Securities. Without unreasonable delay, the Company shall prepare and execute, and the Trustee shall authenticate, definitive Securities in exchange for temporary Securities without charge to the Holder. __clusterTitleType__17 
 All representations, warranties and agreements of the parties contained in this Agreement, or in any instrument, certificate, opinion or other writing provided for in it, shall survive the exercise of the Option and the issuance of the Shares. __clusterTitleType__11 
 If the Conversion Shares and the Underlying Shares (collectively, the Shares) have not been otherwise registered and at any time the Maker proposes to file a registration statement, whether or not for sale for the Makers own account, on a form and in a manner that would also permit registration of shares (other than in connection with a registration statement on Forms S-4 or S-8 or any similar or successor form) the Maker shall give to Holder, written notice of such proposed filing promptly, but in any case at least twenty (20) days before the anticipated filing. The notice referred to in the preceding sentence shall offer the holder(s) holding the Shares the opportunity to register such amount of the Shares as he may request (a Piggyback Registration). Subject to this Section, the Maker will include in each such Piggyback Registration (and any related qualification under state blue sky laws and other compliance filings, and in any underwriting involved therein) that portion of the Shares with respect to which the Maker has received written requests for inclusion therein within twenty (20) days after the written notice from the Maker is given. The holders holding any portion of the Shares will be permitted to withdraw all or part of the Shares from a Piggyback Registration at any time prior to the effective date of such Piggyback Registration. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Maker will not be obligated to effect any registration of shares under this Paragraph 7 as a result of the registration of any of its securities solely in connection with mergers effected pursuant to a Form S-4 Filing. __clusterTitleType__23 
 __clusterTitleType__17 
  This 5 Year Note is subordinated, in all rights to payment and in all other respects, to Senior Debt, which means all Debt (present or future) created, incurred, assumed or guaranteed by the Company (and all renewals, extensions or refundings thereof), except such Debt that by its terms expressly provides that such Debt is not senior or superior in right of payment to the 5 Year Notes. Senior Debt shall include without limitation (i) the guarantee by the Company of any Debt of any other person (including, without limitation, subordinated Debt of another person), unless such Debt is expressly subordinated to any other Debt of the Company, and (ii) all Debt of the Company currently maintained with banks and finance companies and any line of credit to be obtained by the Company in the future. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Senior Debt shall not include debt of the Company to any of its subsidiaries or affiliates or under the 5 Year Notes. Debt means any indebtedness, contingent or otherwise, in respect of borrowed money (whether or not the recourse of the lender is to the whole of the assets of the Company or only to a portion thereof), or evidenced by bonds, notes, debentures or similar instruments or letters of credit, or representing the balance deferred and unpaid on the purchase price of any property or interest therein, except any such balance that constitutes a trade payable, and shall include any guarantee of any indebtedness described above. The Company agrees, and the 5 Year Noteholder by accepting this 5 Year Note agrees, to the subordination provisions set forth in Article 10 of the Indenture. __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Agreement and the legal relations among the parties shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. The Company and Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally (i) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the Chancery Court of the State of Delaware (the Delaware Court), and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of America or any court in any other country, (ii) generally and unconditionally consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Court for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, (iii) waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action or proceeding in the Delaware Court, and (iv) waive, and agree not to plead or to make, any claim that any such action or proceeding brought in the Delaware Court has been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum. The foregoing consent to jurisdiction shall not constitute general consent to service of process in the state for any purpose except as provided above, and shall not be deemed to confer rights on any person other than the parties to this Agreement. [SIGNATURE PAGE TO FOLLOW] 16 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on and as of the day and year first above written. COMPANY By: Name: Title: INDEMNITEE Name: Address: 17 __clusterTitleType__19 
 6.1Cause. Cause will exist if Sionix terminates Executives employment for any of the following reasons, as determined by unanimous decision of those members of the Board other than Executive: (a) Executive willfully fails to substantially perform his duties or willfully acts in a manner contrary to direction from the Chief Executive Officer or Board of Directors, and such willful failure or action is not remedied within ten (10) business days after written notice from the CEO or the Board, which written notice shall state that failure to remedy such conduct may result in an involuntary termination for Cause; (b) Executive engages in willful and serious misconduct that causes material injury to Sionix; or (c) Executive is convicted of or enters a plea of guilty or nolo contendere to a felony.6.2Good Reason. Good Reason means: (a) a decrease in Executives base salary (other than as part of a cost-cutting effort that proportionately affects other senior executive officers and is unanimously approved by the Board of Directors, including Executive); or (b) loss of the title of Chief Administration Officer. __clusterTitleType__3 
 greater than 100% Bonus Amount: Bonus amount = Salary x Incentive Level x (Financial Factor Multiplier + Personal Objective Multiplier) x Corporate Percentage Note: This Incentive Plan (Plan) is not a contract that entitles you to an award if the Plan objectives for the fiscal year are met; rather, this Plan is a discretionary short term cash bonus plan administered by the Compensation and Management Development Committee of the Board of Directors (the Committee). The Committee retains the sole and absolute discretion to deny and not pay bonuses under the Plan and to reduce bonuses payable under the Plan, notwithstanding the attainment of objectives under the Plan; to increase or pay bonuses under the Plan, even if the objectives under the Plan have not been met; and to further condition, modify or amend the objectives and conditions of eligibility under the Plan. The Committee also retains the sole discretion with respect to awards to be paid, if any, in connection with separations from employment that occur during a Plan year. Examples of Individual Award with Salary of $100,000 and Incentive Level of 25%: Example #1: Goals achieved by employee: 1)PBT 2) Personal Objectives = 100% 3) Corporate Goal = 100% Bonus amount = $100,000 x 25% x (60% + 40%) x 100% = $25,000 FYE 2010 Incentive Plan Example #2: Goals achieved by employee: 1)PBT 2) Personal Objectives = 100% 3) Corporate Goal = 100% Bonus amount = $100,000 x 25% x (30% + 40%) x 100% = $17,500 Example #3: Goals achieved by employee: 1)PBT 2) Personal Objectives = 125% 3) Corporate Goal = 100% Bonus amount = $100,000 x 25% x (0% + 60%) x 100% = $15,000 Example #4: Goals achieved by employee: 1)PBT 2) Personal Objectives = 125% 3) Corporate Goal = 100% Bonus amount = $100,000 x 25% x (90% + 60%) x 100% = $37,500 Example #5: Goals achieved by employee: 1)PBT 2) Personal Objectives = 100% 3) Corporate Goal = 79% Bonus amount = $100,000 x 25% x (78% + 40%) x 80% = $23,600 Example #6: Goals achieved by employee: 1)PBT 2) Personal Objectives = 100% 3) Corporate Goal = 100% Bonus amount = $100,000 x 25% x (0% + 0%) x 100% = $0 __clusterTitleType__17 
 SSD hereby grants a non-exclusive, royalty-free right and license to use the SonicSampDrill CompactRotoSonic head (Licensed Product) to Minatura. Minatura shall not copy or duplicate the Licensed Product. The License Grant shall continue for the entire period the Licensed Product is utilized by Minatura under this Agreement, and so long as Minatura complies with all the terms of this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
  Each Holder agrees, by acquisition of the Registrable Securities, that no Holder of Registrable Securities shall be entitled to sell any of such Registrable Securities pursuant to a Registration Statement or to receive a Prospectus relating thereto, unless such Holder has furnished the Company with a properly completed Notice and Questionnaire as required pursuant to this Section 4 (including the information required to be included in such Notice and Questionnaire) and the information set forth in the next sentence. Each Holder agrees to deliver a Notice and Questionnaire to the Company promptly upon becoming a Holder and notify the Company of any change in such information at least five (5) business days prior to the filing of the Initial Resale Registration Statement or Subsequent Resale Registration Statement, as applicable. Each Notice Holder agrees promptly to furnish to the Company in writing all information required to be disclosed in order to make the information previously furnished to the Company by such Notice Holder not misleading, any other information regarding such Notice Holder and the distribution of such Registrable Securities as may be required to be disclosed in the Registration Statement under applicable law or pursuant to SEC comments and any information otherwise required by the Company to comply with applicable law or regulations. Each Holder further agrees, following termination of the Effectiveness Period, to notify the Company, within ten (10) Business Days of a request, of the amount of Registrable Securities sold pursuant to the Registration Statement and, in the absence of a response, the Company may assume that all of the Holders Registrable Securities were so sold. __clusterTitleType__17 
  8.1Full details of all insurance policies effected by persons in relation to any of the members of the Target Groups assets have been disclosed to the Purchaser and all such details are true and correct in all respects and all such insurance policies are currently in full force and effect.  8.2The members of the Target Group have not done or omitted to do or suffered anything to be done or not to be done which has or might render any policies of insurance taken out by the members of the Target Group or by any other person in relation to any of the members of the Target Groups assets void or voidable or which would or might result in an increase in the rate of premiums on the said policies and there are no claims outstanding and no circumstances which would or might give rise to any claim under any of such policies of insurance.  8.3All the assets of the members of the Target Group of an insurable nature are and have at all material times been insured in amounts representing their full replacement or reinstatement value (with no provision for deduction or excess) against fire and other risks normally insured against by persons carrying on similar businesses to the business of the members of the Target Group.  The members of the Target Group are and have at all material times been insured against accident, third party and other risks normally insured against by persons carrying on similar businesses to the business of the members of the Target Group. 8.4The members of the Target Group have taken out and participated in insurance in respect of employment, labour, industrial injury, unemployment and retirement insurance in accordance with the relevant laws, regulations and administrative rules in Hong Kong and China, and have paid premiums in accordance with the relevant laws, regulations and administrative rules and requirements of insurance contracts and complied with all relevant regulations and provisions.  __clusterTitleType__17 
 Each Shareholder (a) consents to and authorizes the publication and disclosure by Parent of such Shareholders identity and holdings of Subject Shares, the nature of such Shareholders commitments, arrangements and understandings under this Agreement and any other information, in each case, that Parent reasonably determines is required to be disclosed by applicable Law in any press release or any other disclosure document in connection with the Merger and the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and (b) agrees to promptly give to Parent any information it may reasonably require for the preparation of any such disclosure documents. Each Shareholder agrees to promptly notify Parent of any required corrections with respect to any information supplied by such Shareholder 3 specifically for use in any such disclosure document, if and to the extent that any such information shall have become false or misleading in any material respect. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Section 12.7 (Counterparts) of the Omnibus Agreement is incorporated herein by reference [Remainder of page intentionally left blank.] IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed and delivered this Amendment as of the date first above written. HENRY SCHEIN, INC. By: /s/ Michael S. Ettinger Name: Michael S. Ettinger Title: Senior Vice President and General Counsel BUTLER ANIMAL HEALTH HOLDING COMPANY LLC By: /s/ Kevin R. Vasquez Name: Kevin R. Vasquez Title: CEO & President __clusterTitleType__12 
 1. Any person or entity, other than Quanta Services, Inc. or an employee benefit plan of Quanta Services, Inc., acquires directly or indirectly Beneficial Ownership (as defined in Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) of any Voting Security of Quanta Services, Inc. and immediately after such acquisition such person or entity is, directly or indirectly, the Beneficial Owner of Voting Securities representing fifty percent (50%) or more of the total voting power of all of the then-outstanding Voting Securities of Quanta Services, Inc.; or 2. Individuals who, as of the date hereof, constitute the Board of Directors of Quanta Services, Inc. (the Board), and any new director whose election by the Board or nomination for election by Quanta Services, Inc.s stockholders was approved by a vote of a majority of the directors then still in office who were directors as of the date hereof or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board; or 3. The stockholders of Quanta Services, Inc. shall approve a merger, consolidation, recapitalization or reorganization of Quanta Services, Inc., a reverse stock split of outstanding Voting Securities, or consummation of any such transaction if stockholder approval is not obtained, other than any such transaction that would result in at least fifty percent (50%) of 2 the total voting power represented by the Voting Securities of the surviving entity outstanding immediately after such transaction being Beneficially Owned by at least fifty percent (50%) of the holders of outstanding voting securities of Quanta Services, Inc. immediately prior to the transaction, with the voting power of each such continuing holder relative to other such continuing holders not substantially altered in the transaction; or 4. The stockholders of Quanta Services, Inc. shall approve a plan of complete liquidation of Quanta Services, Inc. or an agreement for the sale or disposition by Quanta Services, Inc. of all or a substantial portion of Quanta Services, Inc.s assets (i.e., fifty percent (50%) or more of the total assets of Quanta Services, Inc. ). __clusterTitleType__17 
 The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that, for all purposes of this Agreement, the Initial Purchasers Information consists solely of the following information in the Preliminary Offering Circular and the Final Offering Circular: the last sentence on the cover page, the second sentence of the 10th paragraph (regarding the intention to make a market for the Securities) under Plan of distribution and the 11th paragraph (regarding over-allotment and stabilizing transactions) under Plan of distribution. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Effective January 8, 2010 (the "Separation Date"), Executive shall voluntarily resign from his current employment as Chairman of the Board of the Company. The Executive shall also resign his position as a director of the Company and each of its subsidiaries effective January 8, 2010. __clusterTitleType__13 
 (a) Executive represents, warrants, covenants and agrees that she has a right to enter into this Agreement, that she is not a party to any agreement or understanding, oral or written, which would prohibit performance of her obligations under this Agreement, and that she will not use in the performance of her obligations hereunder any proprietary information of any other party which she is legally prohibited from using. (b) The Company represents, warrants and agrees that it has full power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and perform its obligations hereunder. __clusterTitleType__17 
  Except as otherwise provided by applicable law, these Bylaws or the Corporations Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, a majority of the outstanding shares of the Corporation entitled to vote, represented in person or by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at a meeting of stockholders. If less than a majority of the outstanding shares are represented at a meeting, the chairman of the meeting or a majority of the shares so represented may adjourn the meeting from time to time in accordance with Section 6 of this Article, until a quorum shall be present or represented. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Liabilities and Resolution of Litigations . Within four weeks after the execution of this Agreement, IDEH shall furnish Target with Schedule 7.3, setting forth any and all IDEH Liabilities existing as of the date that such Schedule 7.3 is provided, and such Schedule 7.3 shall be incorporated herein as a part of this Agreement once provided by IDEH. IDEH undertakes to pay, or otherwise settle, to the reasonable satisfaction of Target all IDEH Liabilities prior to the Closing. 19 Prior to Closing, IDEH shall resolve any and all of its outstanding litigations or pending disputes to the reasonable satisfaction of Target. __clusterTitleType__17 
 greater than 100% Bonus Amount: Bonus amount = Salary x Incentive Level x (Financial Factor Multiplier + Personal Objective Multiplier) x Corporate Percentage Note: This Incentive Plan (Plan) is not a contract that entitles you to an award if the Plan objectives for the fiscal year are met; rather, this Plan is a discretionary short term cash bonus plan administered by the Compensation and Management Development Committee of the Board of Directors (the Committee). The Committee retains the sole and absolute discretion to deny and not pay bonuses under the Plan and to reduce bonuses payable under the Plan, notwithstanding the attainment of objectives under the Plan; to increase or pay bonuses under the Plan, even if the objectives under the Plan have not been met; and to further condition, modify or amend the objectives and conditions of eligibility under the Plan. The Committee also retains the sole discretion with respect to awards to be paid, if any, in connection with separations from employment that occur during a Plan year. Examples of Individual Award with Salary of $100,000 and Incentive Level of 35%: Example #1: Goals achieved by employee: 1)PBT 2) Personal Objectives = 100% 3) Corporate Goal = 100% Bonus amount = $100,000 x 35% x (60% + 40%) x 100% = $35,000 FYE 2010 Incentive Plan Example #2: Goals achieved by employee: 1)PBT 2) Personal Objectives = 100% 3) Corporate Goal = 100% Bonus amount = $100,000 x 35% x (40% + 40%) x 100% = $28,000 Example #3: Goals achieved by employee: 1)PBT 2) Personal Objectives = 125% 3) Corporate Goal = 100% Bonus amount = $100,000 x 35% x (0% + 60%) x 100% = $21,000 Example #4: Goals achieved by employee: 1)PBT 2) Personal Objectives = 125% 3) Corporate Goal = 100% Bonus amount = $100,000 x 35% x (90% + 60%) x 100% = $52,500 Example #5: Goals achieved by employee: 1)PBT 2) Personal Objectives = 100% 3) Corporate Goal = 49% Bonus amount = $100,000 x 35% x (78% + 40%) x 50% = $20,650 Example #6: Goals achieved by employee: 1)PBT 2) Personal Objectives = 100% 3) Corporate Goal = 100% Bonus amount = $100,000 x 35% x (0% + 0%) x 100% = $0 __clusterTitleType__17 
 If, in connection with the exercise of the Rights, the MSG Group or the Cablevision Group is required to withhold any amounts by reason of any federal, state or local taxes, such withholding shall be in accordance with Section 16 of the Plan. You hereby acknowledge that you have reviewed with your own tax advisors the federal, state and local tax consequences of exercising the Rights and receiving cash. You hereby represent to the MSG Group and the Cablevision Group that you are relying solely on such advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company, Cablevision or any of their respective Affiliates or agents. __clusterTitleType__2 
 11.1 No Shareholder shall pursuant to article 9 of the Memorandum of Association and without obtaining prior approval of the other Shareholder: 11.1.1 Sell, assign, transfer, pledge, mortgage, charge or otherwise encumber any share of any interest in any share; 11.1.2 Grant an option over any share or any interest in any share; or 11.1.3 Enter into any agreement in respect of the votes attached to any share. 11.1.4 A transfer of any share pursuant to Article 9 of the Memorandum of Association shall be on the following conditions: 11.1.5If the Shareholder transfers any share to a person who is not already a Shareholder it shall require the transferee as a condition of the transfer to execute a deed in the form of the Deed of Adherence confirming to the other Shareholders that it shall be bound by this Agreement as a Shareholder in respect of each share transferred; 11.1.6 Each Shareholder shall procure that the Board registers in the Register a transfer of shares carried out in accordance with this Agreement and the Memorandum of Association in the agreed form. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Borrower hereby irrevocably authorizes any attorney-at-law to appear in any court of record in the State of Ohio, or in any other state or territory of the United States after the Note becomes due, whether by lapse of time, acceleration of Maturity or otherwise, waive the issuance and service of process, admit the Maturity of the Note and confess judgment against the Borrower in favor of any holder of the Note for the amount then appearing due, together with interest thereon and costs of suit, and thereupon to release all errors and waive all rights of appeal and stay of execution. Borrower expressly (a) waives a conflict of interest as to any attorney retained by Bank to confess judgment against the Borrower upon the Note, and (b) consents to the attorney retained by Bank receiving a legal fee from Bank for legal services rendered for confessing judgment against the Borrower, upon the Note. A copy of the Note, certified by Bank, may be filed in each such proceeding in place of filing the original as a warrant of attorney. The authority and power to appear for and enter judgment against the Borrower, additional exercises thereof or any imperfect exercise thereof, shall not be extinguished by any judgment entered pursuant thereto. This warrant of attorney to confess judgment shall remain in full force and effect so long as any portion of the indebtedness evidenced hereby remains unpaid, and any confession of judgment and subsequent vacation thereof shall not constitute termination of this warrant of attorney to confess judgment. __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. This Agreement may also be executed and delivered by facsimile signature and in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 16 __clusterTitleType__10 
 The Investor agrees that he or she shall not cancel, terminate or revoke this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
 If you exercise any of your Basic or Over-Subscription Rights, you will not be permitted to revoke or change the exercise or request a refund of monies paid. You should not exercise your Subscription Rights unless you are sure that you wish to purchase Units at the Subscription Price. Once you exercise your Subscription Rights, you cannot revoke the exercise of such Subscription Rights even if you later learn information that you consider to be unfavorable and even if the market price of our common stock changes or other changes occur relating to the Company. * * * 4 __clusterTitleType__17 
 certificate in writing under the hand of a Director of the Company , and that a share has been forfeited on a date stated in the certificate , shall be conclusive evidence of the facts therein stated as against all persons claiming to be entitled to the share . The Company may receive the consideration, if any, given for the share or any sale or disposition thereof and may execute a transfer of the share in favour of the person to whom the share is sold or disposed of and he shall thereupon be registered as the holder of the share, and shall not be bound to see to the application of the purchase money, if any, nor shall his title to the share be affected by any irregularity or invalidity in the proceedings in reference to the forfeiture, sale or disposal of the share. __clusterTitleType__17 
  __clusterTitleType__17 
 a. UNBRANDED MARKETERS SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR ANY CLAIM ARISING FROM OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY ALLEGED FAILURE OF OR DEFECT IN ANY PRODUCTS SOLD BY CITGO (WHETHER THAT CLAIM IS FOR BREACH OF CONTRACT OR WARRANTY OR IS UNDER TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, STATUTE OR OTHERWISE) IS (1) AT CITGOS OPTION, REPLACEMENT OF THE FAILED, DEFECTIVE OR NON-CONFORMING PRODUCTS OR REIMBURSEMENT OF THE PURCHASE PRICE THEREOF, AND (2) REIMBURSEMENT OF THE REASONABLE COST 4 OF REPAIR OR REPLACEMENT OF ANY PARTS THAT ARE DAMAGED DIRECTLY BY THE USE OF THE FAILED, DEFECTIVE OR NON-CONFORMING PRODUCTS. b. IN NO EVENT WILL CITGO BE LIABLE OR RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL LOSSES OR DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ECONOMIC LOSS AND LOSS OF PROFITS) AND SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, WHETHER UNDER TORT, BREACH OF CONTRACT OR WARRANTY, STRICT LIABILITY, STATUTE OR OTHERWISE. __clusterTitleType__17 
 All payments by the Maker under this Note shall first be credited against costs and expenses provided for hereunder, second to the payment of any penalties, third to the payment of accrued and unpaid interest, if any, and the remainder shall be credited against principal. All payments due hereunder shall be payable in legal tender of the United States of America, and in same day funds delivered to the Holder by cashiers check, certified check, or any other means of guaranteed funds to the mailing address provided below, or at such other place as the Holder or any holder hereof shall designate in writing for such purpose from time to time. If a payment hereunder otherwise would become due and payable on a Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday, the due date thereof shall be extended to the next succeeding business day, and Interest, if any, shall be payable thereon during such extension. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The terms of the Plan and this Option Agreement shall be binding upon the executors, administrators, heirs, successors and assigns of the Optionee. __clusterTitleType__20 
  This Agreement is personal in its nature and neither of the parties hereto shall, without the consent of the other, assign or transfer this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder; provided, however, that (i) the Company may assign or transfer this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder to any member of the Group without such consent, and (ii) in the event of a merger, consolidation, or transfer or sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the company with or to any other individual(s) or entity, this Agreement shall, subject to the provisions hereof, be binding upon and inure to the benefit of such successor and such successor shall discharge and perform all the promises, covenants, duties, and obligations of the Company hereunder. __clusterTitleType__22 
 The Investor agrees not to transfer or assign this Agreement, or any of the Investor's interest in this Agreement, and further agrees that any assignment or transfer of the Shares shall be made only in accordance with applicable securities laws and that an appropriate legend with respect thereto may be placed by the Company on any certificate evidencing such Shares. __clusterTitleType__17 
 No supplement, modification, termination or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by both of the parties hereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions hereof (whether or not similar) nor shall such waiver constitute a continuing waiver. __clusterTitleType__8 
  Expatriate Assignment Compensation. The Company agrees to provide you with access to a company-owned automobile while you are on assignment in the United States, as well as a company-leased residence. Except as expressly amended by this letter, the terms, conditions, covenants and agreements contained in the Agreement remain unaffected by this letter and continue in full force and effect. Further, this letter and the Agreement constitute the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter set forth herein and therein and supercede all other agreements, proposals, oral or written statements. Please confirm your agreement by signing and returning one copy of this letter to the undersigned, whereupon this letter will become a binding agreement between the parties. Very truly yours, By: Name: Charles Exon Title: Chief Administrative Officer Accepted and agreed to this 16th day of December, 2009 By: Name: Craig Stevenson __clusterTitleType__17 
 There are no existing options, warrants, calls, commitments of any character or other common stock equivalents relating to the authorized and unissued Green House Shares. __clusterTitleType__17 
 (a) Whenever the Exercise Price or number of shares purchasable hereunder shall be adjusted pursuant to Section 11 hereof, the Company shall issue a certificate signed by its Chief Financial Officer setting forth, in reasonable detail, the event requiring the adjustment, the amount of the adjustment, the method by which such adjustment was calculated, and the Exercise Price and number of shares purchasable hereunder after giving effect to such adjustment, and shall cause a copy of such certificate to be mailed (by first-class mail, postage prepaid) to the Holder of this Warrant. (b) In case: (i) the company shall take a record of the holders of Common Stock/Preferred Stock (or other stock or securities at the time receivable upon the exercise of this Warrant) for the purpose of entitling them to receive any dividend or other distribution, or any right to subscribe for or purchase any shares of stock of any class or any other securities, or to receive any other right, or (ii) of any capital reorganization of the Company, any reclassification of the capital stock of the Company, any consolidation or merger of the Company with or into another corporation, or any conveyance of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company to another corporation, or (iii) of any voluntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Company, then, and in each such case, the Company will mail or cause to be mailed to the Holder or Holders a notice specifying, as the case may be, (A) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution or right, and stating the amount and character of such dividend, distribution or right, or (B) the date on which such reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger, conveyance, dissolution, liquidation or winding-up is to take place, and the time, if any is to be fixed, as of which the holders of record of Common Stock/Preferred Stock (or such stock or securities at the time receivable upon the exercise of this Warrant) shall be entitled to exchange their shares of Common Stock/Preferred Stock (or such other stock or securities) for securities or other property deliverable upon such reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger, conveyance, dissolution, liquidation or winding-up. Such notice shall be mailed at least 15 days prior to the date therein specified. 4 (c) All such notice, advice and communication shall be deemed to be have received (i) in the case of personal delivery, on the date of such delivery and (ii) in the case of mailing, on the third business days following the date of such mailing. __clusterTitleType__4 
 All Non-Employee Directors are eligible for the grant of Awards. Non-Employee Directors of Cablevision Systems Corporation (Cablevision) are also eligible for the grant of Shares in connection with the spin-off of the Company from Cablevision in respect of their outstanding awards issued by Cablevision. __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes and cancels any pre-existing agreements with respect to its subject matter. __clusterTitleType__6 
 4.1Base Salary. The Company shall initially pay the Executive an annual salary of $150,000 for his services under the Agreement starting November 1, 2009. Such salary shall be payable semi-monthly, subject to applicable withholding and other taxes and subject to annual adjustment by the Companys Compensation Committee or its Board of Directors. For calendar year 2010 and beyond, the Executives salary shall be reviewed by the Compensation Committee or the Board of Directors for possible increase. 4.2Bonus and Other Compensation. Executive shall be entitled to participate on the same terms as other officers in any applicable bonus, stock option, restricted stock, pension or profit sharing plan, or any other type of plan adopted by the Company for the benefit of its officers, directors and employees. __clusterTitleType__30 
 Lender agrees, notwithstanding any provisions of Sections 3.4 and 3.5 of the Loan Agreement to the contrary, to accept $1,075,425.36 as full payment and satisfaction of all of the Notes (including any Contingent Payment) (the Note Payment). Lender agrees that Borrower will retain an additional $500,000 from the proceeds of the sale of certain remaining Assets to North Star Capital Acquisition LLC. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement with respect to any of the Managed Premises for any reason whatsoever, Managing Agent shall as soon as practicable turn over to Owners all books, papers, funds, records, keys and other items relating to the management and operation of such Managed Premises, including, without limitation, all leases in the possession of Managing Agent and shall render to Owners a final accounting with respect thereto through the date of termination. Owners shall be obligated to pay all compensation for services rendered by Managing Agent hereunder prior and up to the effective time of such termination, including, without limitation, any Fees and Construction Supervision Fees, and shall pay and reimburse to Managing Agent all expenses and costs incurred by Managing Agent prior and up to the effective time of such termination which are otherwise payable or reimbursable to Managing Agent pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. The amount of such fees paid as compensation pursuant to the foregoing sentence shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with the annual reconciliation contemplated by Section 6(b) and consistent with past practices in performing such reconciliation. __clusterTitleType__5 
 In the event of the consummation or public announcement of any Offering, Rodman shall have the right to disclose its participation in such Offering, including, without limitation, the placement at its cost of tombstone advertisements in financial and other newspapers and journals. Rodman agrees not to use any confidential information concerning the Company provided to Rodman by the Company for any purposes other than those contemplated under this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Depositary may at any time resign as Depositary hereunder by written notice of its election so to do delivered to the Company, such resignation to take effect upon the appointment of a successor depositary and its acceptance of such appointment as hereinafter provided. The Depositary may at any time be removed by the Company by providing no less than 90 days prior written notice of such removal to the Depositary, such removal to take effect the later of (i) the 90th day after such notice of removal is first provided and (ii) the appointment of a successor depositary and its acceptance of such appointment as hereinafter provided. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if upon the resignation or removal of the Depositary a successor depositary is not appointed within the applicable 45-day period (in the case of resignation) or 90-day period (in the case of removal) as specified in paragraph (17) of the form of ADR, then the Depositary may elect to terminate this Deposit Agreement and the ADR and the provisions of said paragraph (17) shall thereafter govern the Depositary's obligations hereunder. In case at any time the Depositary acting hereunder shall resign or be removed, the Company shall use its best efforts to appoint a successor depositary, which shall be a bank or trust company having an office in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York. Every successor depositary shall execute and deliver to its predecessor and to the Company an instrument in writing accepting its appointment hereunder, and thereupon such successor depositary, without any further act or deed, shall become fully vested with all the rights, powers, duties and obligations of its predecessor. The predecessor depositary, only upon payment of all sums due to it and on the written request of the Company, shall (i) execute and deliver an instrument transferring to such successor all rights and powers of such predecessor hereunder (other than its rights to indemnification and fees owing, each of which shall survive any such removal and/or resignation), (ii) duly assign, transfer and deliver all right, title and interest to the Deposited Securities to such successor, and (iii) deliver to such successor a list of the Holders of all outstanding ADRs. Any such successor depositary shall promptly mail notice of its appointment to such Holders. Any bank or trust company into or with which the Depositary may be merged or consolidated, or to which the Depositary shall transfer substantially all its American depositary receipt business, shall be the successor of the Depositary without the execution or filing of any document or any further act. __clusterTitleType__17 
 A. This Agreement may be terminated by Company as follows: (i) If the Consultant is unable to provide the consulting services by reason of temporary or permanent Illness, disability, incapacity or death; (ii) Breach 01 default of any obligation of the Consultant pursuant to Section 4. Confidentiality, of this Agreement; (iii) Breach or default by the Consultanl of any other material obligation in this Agreement, which breach or default is not cured within ten days of written notice from the Company. B- Consultant may terminate this Agreement as follows: (i) Breach or default of any material obligation of the Company, which breach or default is not cured within ten days of written notice from the Consultanl; or (ii) If the Company files for bankruptcy laws, or any bankruptcy petition or petition for receiver is commenced by a third parly against the Company, any of the foregoing of which remains undismissed for a period of 60 days. __clusterTitleType__5 
 Subject to certain limitations imposed by the TIA, the Trustee under the Indenture, in its individual or any other capacity, may become the owner or pledgee of Notes and may otherwise deal with and collect obligations owed to it by the Company or its Affiliates and may otherwise deal with the Company or its Affiliates with the same rights it would have if it were not Trustee. __clusterTitleType__17 
 If (a) this Agreement shall have been terminated pursuant to Section 7, (b) the Issuer shall fail to tender the Securities for delivery to the Initial Purchasers for any reason permitted under this Agreement or (c) the Initial Purchasers shall decline to purchase the Securities for any reason permitted under this Agreement, VMS shall reimburse the Initial Purchasers for such out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel) as shall have been reasonably incurred by the Initial Purchasers in connection with this Agreement and the proposed purchase and resale of the Securities. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The charges, claims, complaints, matters, demands, damages, and causes of action referenced in paragraphs 5 and 6 above include, but are not limited to, (i) any claims for commission payments; (ii) any breach of an actual or implied contract of employment between Employee and Company; (iii) any claim of unjust, wrongful, or tortious discharge (including any claim of fraud, negligence, retaliation for whistleblowing, or intentional infliction of emotional distress); (iv) any claim of defamation or other common-law action; or (v) any claims of violations arising under the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, 42 U.S.C. 2000e et seq., the Civil Rights Act of 1866, 42 U.S.C. 1981, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, 29 U.S.C. 621 et seq., (including but not limited to the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act), the Equal Pay Act, 29 U.S.C. Section 206(d), the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq., the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended, 29 U.S.C. 701 et seq., the Family and Medical Leave Act, 29 U.S.C. 2601, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, 29 U.S.C. 1001, et seq., or any other federal, state, or local statutes, ordinances, common laws or other laws of any kind, whether or not relating to employment, or any claims for pay, commissions, vacation pay, insurance, or welfare benefits or any other benefits of employment with Company arising from events occurring prior to the date of this Agreement other than those payments and benefits specifically provided herein. __clusterTitleType__17 
 (a) In no event will the method of distribution of Registrable Securities take the form of an underwritten offering without the prior written consent of the Company. (b) If any shares of Common Stock covered by the Shelf Registration Statement are to be sold in an underwritten offering, the Managing Underwriters shall be selected by the Company, subject to the prior written consent of the Majority Holders, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. (c) No person may participate in any underwritten offering pursuant to the Shelf Registration Statement unless such person (i) agrees to sell such persons shares of Common Stock on the basis reasonably provided in any underwriting arrangements approved by the persons entitled hereunder to approve such arrangements; and (ii) completes and executes all questionnaires, powers of attorney, indemnities, underwriting agreements and other documents reasonably required under the terms of such underwriting arrangements. __clusterTitleType__17 
 A Waiver by either party of any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement in any instance shall not be deemed or construed to a waiver of such terms of condition for the future, or of any subsequent breach thereof, or of any other term and condition of this Agreement. All waivers must be made in writing executed by the waiving party. __clusterTitleType__8 
 Covenant Not to Sue. Each of the Releasing Parties hereby absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably, covenants and agrees with and in favor of each Releasee that it will not sue (at law, in equity, in any regulatory proceeding or otherwise) any Releasee on the basis of any Claim released, remised and discharged by any Releasing Party pursuant to Section 8.6 above. If any Releasing Party violates the foregoing covenant, each Borrower, for itself and its successors and assigns, and its present and former members, shareholders, affiliates, subsidiaries, divisions, predecessors, directors, officers, attorneys, employees, agents, legal representatives and other representatives, agrees to pay, in addition to such other damages as any Releasee may sustain as a result of such violation, all attorneys fees and costs incurred by any Releasee as a result of such violation. __clusterTitleType__17 
 2 (a) Except as provided hereunder, during the term of this Agreement, each Shareholder shall not (nor permit any Person under such Shareholders control to), directly or indirectly, (i) grant any proxies, powers of attorney, rights of first offer or refusal, or enter into any voting trust or voting agreement or arrangement with respect to any of such Shareholders Subject Shares, (ii) sell (including short sell), assign, transfer, tender, pledge, encumber, grant a participation interest in, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of (including by gift) (each, a Transfer) any of such Shareholders Subject Shares, (iii) otherwise permit any Liens to be created on any of such Shareholders Subject Shares or (iv) enter into any Contract with respect to the direct or indirect Transfer of any of such Shareholders Subject Shares No Shareholder shall, and shall not permit any Person under such Shareholders control or any of such Shareholders or such Persons respective representatives to, seek or solicit any such Transfer or any such Contract. Without limiting the foregoing, each Shareholder shall not take any other action that would in any way restrict, limit or interfere in any material respect with the performance of such Shareholders obligations hereunder or the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Shareholder shall have the right to Transfer all or any portion of his, her or its Subject Shares to a Permitted Transferee of such Shareholder if and only if such Permitted Transferee shall have agreed in writing, in a manner reasonably acceptable in form and substance to Parent, (i) to accept such Subject Shares subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and (ii) to be bound by this Agreement and to agree and acknowledge that such Person shall constitute a Shareholder for all purposes of this Agreement Permitted Transferee means, with respect to any Shareholder, (A) any other Shareholder, (B) a spouse, lineal descendant or antecedent, brother or sister, adopted child or grandchild or the spouse of any child, adopted child, grandchild or adopted grandchild of such Shareholder, (C) any trust, the trustees of which include only the Persons named in clauses (A) or (B) and the beneficiaries of which include only the Persons named in clauses (A) or (B), or (D) if such Shareholder is a trust, the beneficiary or beneficiaries authorized or entitled to receive distributions from such trust. (d) Each Shareholder hereby authorizes Parent and Merger Sub to direct the Company to impose stop orders to prevent the Transfer of any Subject Shares on the books of the Company in violation of this Agreement __clusterTitleType__17 
 (i) $1.80, the Exercise Price shall be adjusted concurrently with such issue or sale, to the Lower Price. (ii) $3.00, but higher than $1.80 , the Exercise Price Shall be adjusted according to the following formula: EP(2) = EP(1) x ((A+B) /(A+C)) EP(2) = the Warrant Exercise Price immediately after the adjustment; For purposes of the foregoing formula: EP(1) = Exercise Price immediately prior to the adjustment; A = the total number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the issuance of such additional shares, including the exercise or conversion of all options, warrants and other convertible securities. B = the number of shares of Common Stock which the aggregate consideration received or receivable for the issuance of such additional shares would purchase at the Exercise Price immediately prior to the adjustment; C = the number of such additional shares to be issued. Such adjustment shall be made successively whenever such an issuance is made. Notwithstanding the foregoing adjustments no exception for Exempt Issuances will be made if such Exempt Issuances exceed 5% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock for every two year period or if such Exempt Issuances are employee / consultant options only and exceed 7.5% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock for every two year period. For purposes of this Section 8, Exempt Issuances means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock or options to employees, officers, directors and consultants (other than consultants whose services relate to the raising of funds) of the Company pursuant to any stock or option plan that was or may be adopted by (i) a majority of independent members of the Board of Directors or (ii) a majority of the members of a committee of independent directors established for compensatory purposes, (b) securities upon the exercise or conversion of any securities issued hereunder or pursuant to the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, dated February 25, 2008 between the Company, Barron Partners, LP and Eos Holdings, LLC and the documents and instruments executed in connection therewith, (c), securities issued pursuant to acquisitions, licensing agreements, or other strategic transactions provided, any such issuance shall only be to a person which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company in a business which the Board of Directors of the Company believes is beneficial to the Company and in which the Company receives benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities. -4- __clusterTitleType__17 
 (a) The headings preceding the text of Articles and Sections included in this Agreement and the headings to Exhibits attached to this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not be deemed part of this Agreement or be given any effect in interpreting this Agreement. (b) The use of the masculine, feminine or neuter gender herein shall not limit any provision of this Agreement. The use of the terms including or include shall in all cases herein mean including, without limitation or include, without limitation, respectively. (c) Consummation of the transactions contemplated herein shall not be deemed a waiver of a breach of or inaccuracy in any representation, warranty or covenant or of any party's rights and remedies with regard thereto. (d) No specific representation, warranty or covenant contained herein shall limit the generality or applicability of a more general representation, warranty or covenant contained herein. (e) A breach of or inaccuracy in any representation, warranty or covenant shall not be affected by the fact that any more general or less general representation, warranty or covenant was not also breached or inaccurate. __clusterTitleType__17 
 __clusterTitleType__17 
 Each Shareholder shall notify Parent of any development occurring after the date hereof that causes, or that would reasonably be expected to cause, any breach of any of the representations and warranties of such Shareholder set forth in Article II. __clusterTitleType__17 
 For purposes of federal immigration laws, you will be required to provide to the Company documentary evidence of your identity and eligibility for employment in the United States. Such documentation must be provided within three (3) business days of the effective date of your employment, or your employment relationship with the Company may be terminated. You understand and agree that any termination under this Section 10 for failure to properly provide the requested documentation shall be considered the same as a termination for Cause under this offer letter. __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Deed shall continue until and terminate upon the later of (a) 10 years after the date that Indemnitee shall have ceased to serve as a director, secretary, officer or executive of the Company or other Enterprise or (b) one year after the final termination of any Proceeding, including any appeal, then pending in respect of which Indemnitee is granted rights of indemnification or advancement of Expenses hereunder and of any proceeding commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 11 relating thereto. __clusterTitleType__21 
 Unless the Company has provided a written consent, the Consultant shall not be reimbursed for any costs and/or expenses incurred by the Consultant. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Company hereby engages Consultant, and Consultant accepts engagement, to provide consulting services to the Company on the daily operations in connections with the Sales, Marketing and Field Application Engineering Support related to the Company products sold in Taiwan and China. __clusterTitleType__17 
 1.1 In this Agreement the following terms shall have the following meanings: Affiliate, with respect to any Person, shall mean any other Person that directly or indirectly controls, or is under common control with, or is controlled by, such Person. As used in this definition, control shall mean possession, directly or indirectly, of power to direct or cause the direction of management or policies (whether ownership of securities or partnership or other ownership interests, by contract or otherwise); Consulting Services Fee shall be as defined in Clause 3.1; 2 Indebtedness shall mean, as to any Person, without duplication, (i) all indebtedness (including principal, interest, fees and charges) of such Person for borrowed money for the deferred purchase price of property or services, (ii) the face amount of all letters of credit issued for the amount of such Person and all drafts drawn thereunder, (iii) all liabilities secured by any Lien on any property owned by such person, whether or not such liabilities have been assumed by such Person, (iv) the aggregate amount required to be capitalized under leases under which such Person is the lessee and (v) all contingent obligations (including, without limitation, all guarantees to third parties) of such Person; Lien shall mean any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), preference, priority or other security agreement of any kind or nature whatsoever (including. without limitation, any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any financing or similar statement or notice filed under recording or notice statute, and any lease having substantially the same effect as any of the foregoing); Person shall mean any individual, corporation, company, voluntary association, partnership, joint venture, trust, unincorporated organization, entity or other organization or any government body; PRC means the Peoples Republic of China; 3 Services means the services to be provided under the Agreement by Party A to Party B, as more specifically described in Clause 2; In this Agreement a reference to a Clause, unless the context otherwise requires, is a reference to a clause of this Agreement. 1.2 The headings in this Agreement shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement __clusterTitleType__3 
 The parties hereto shall cooperate with each other and execute such additional documents or instruments and perform such further acts as may be reasonably necessary to affect the purpose and intent of the Agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
  THE NOTES SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK BUT WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO APPLICABLE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW TO THE EXTENT THAT THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION WOULD BE REQUIRED THEREBY. __clusterTitleType__7 
  The Company covenants and agrees to take all such actions necessary to ensure that the shares of stock represented by each and every certificate for its Common Stock to be delivered on the exercise of the purchase rights herein provided for shall, at the time of such delivery, be validly issued and outstanding and be fully paid and nonassessable. In addition, the Company shall take all such actions as may be necessary to ensure that all such shares of Common Stock may be so issued without violation of any applicable law or governmental regulation or any requirements of any trading market or securities exchange upon which shares of Common Stock may be listed. __clusterTitleType__17 
  Subject to certain limitations imposed by the TIA, the Trustee under the Indenture, in its individual or any other capacity may deal with and collect obligations owed to it by the Issuer or its Affiliates and may otherwise deal with the Issuer or its Affiliates with the same rights it would have if it were not Trustee. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Escrow Agent shall have no duties or responsibilities other than those expressly set forth in this Agreement, and no implied duties or obligations shall be read into this Agreement against the Escrow Agent. The Escrow Agent is not a party to, or bound by, any other agreement among the other parties hereto, and the Escrow Agents duties shall be determined solely by reference to this Agreement. The Escrow Agent shall have no duty to enforce any obligation of any person, other than as provided herein. The Escrow Agent shall be under no liability to anyone by reason of any failure on the part of any party hereto or any maker, endorser or other signatory of any document or any other person to perform such persons obligations under any such document. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Each Shareholder irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that such Shareholder shall, at any meeting (whether annual or special and whether or not an adjourned or postponed meeting) of the holders of Shares, however called (each, a Company Shareholders Meeting): (a) be present, in person or represented by proxy, or otherwise cause such Shareholders Subject Shares to be counted for purposes of determining the presence of a quorum at such meeting (to the fullest extent that such Subject Shares may be counted for quorum purposes under applicable Law); and (b) vote (or cause to be voted) with respect to all such Shareholders Subject Shares to the fullest extent that such Subject Shares are entitled to be voted at the time of any vote: (i) in favor of (1) the approval of the Merger Agreement, (2) without limitation of the preceding clause (1), the approval of any proposal to adjourn or postpone the Company Shareholders Meeting to a later date if there are not sufficient votes for approval of the Merger Agreement on the date on which the Company Shareholders Meeting is held and (3) any other matter necessary for consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, which is considered at any such Company Shareholders Meeting; and (ii) against (1) any action (including any amendment to the Companys certificate of incorporation or bylaws, as in effect on the date hereof), agreement or transaction that would reasonably be expected to frustrate the purposes of, impede, hinder, interfere with, nullify, prevent, delay or adversely affect, in each case in any material respect, the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, (2) any Takeover Proposal and any action in furtherance of any Takeover Proposal, (3) any merger, acquisition, sale, consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, extraordinary dividend, dissolution, liquidation or winding up of or by the Company, or any other extraordinary transaction involving the Company (other than the Merger), (4) any action, proposal, transaction or agreement that would reasonably be expected to result in a breach, in any material respect, of any covenant, representation or warranty or any other obligation or agreement of such Shareholder under this Agreement and (5) any other action, proposal, transaction or agreement that would reasonably be expected to result in the failure of any condition to the Merger to be satisfied. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Lender agrees, notwithstanding any provisions of Sections 3.4 and 3.5 of the Loan Agreement to the contrary, to accept $1,075,425.36 as full payment and satisfaction of all of the Notes (including any Contingent Payment) (the Note Payment). Lender agrees that Borrower will retain an additional $500,000 from the proceeds of the sale of certain remaining Assets to North Star Capital Acquisition LLC. __clusterTitleType__17 
 . (a) Executive shall be provided with coverage under a standard directors and officers liability insurance policy, and shall be indemnified for the term of this Agreement and for a period of six years thereafter to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law against all expenses and liabilities reasonably incurred by him in connection with or arising out of any action, suit or proceeding in which he may be involved by reason of his having been a director or officer of the Bank or any affiliate (whether or not he continues to be a director or officer at the time of incurring such expenses or liabilities), such expenses and liabilities to include, but not be limited to, judgments, court costs and attorneys fees and the cost of reasonable settlements (such settlements must be approved by the Board), provided, however, Executive shall not be indemnified or reimbursed for legal expenses or liabilities incurred in connection with an action, suit or proceeding arising from any illegal or fraudulent act committed by Executive Any such indemnification shall be made consistent with Section 18(k) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, 12 U.S.C. 1828(k), and the regulations issued thereunder in 12 C.F.R. Part 359. 14 (b) Any indemnification by the Bank shall be subject to compliance with any applicable regulations of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation __clusterTitleType__25 
 Buyer represents warrants and covenants as follows: (a)Authority.  Buyer is a limited liability company duly formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of its formation and is qualified to do business in the State of New York. Buyer has received or will have received by the date of Closing all necessary consents of the Buyer and is fully authorized to complete the transactions contemplated by this Contract. No other consent or approval of any person, entity or governmental authority is required for the execution, delivery or performance by Buyer of this Contract, and this Contract is hereby binding and enforceable against Buyer. (b)Bankruptcy.  Buyer is not insolvent nor the subject of any bankruptcy proceeding, receivership proceeding or other insolvency, dissolution, reorganization or similar proceeding. (c)Judgments.  There are no judgments, orders or decrees of any kind against Buyer which are unpaid or unsatisfied of record, nor any actions, suits or other legal or administrative proceedings pending or threatened against Buyer which would have a material adverse effect against Buyers ability to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Contract. (d)Not a Prohibited Person.  None of Buyer, any subsidiary of Buyer nor (to Buyers knowledge) any of their respective direct or indirect beneficial owners is now or shall be at any time prior to or at the Closing a person with whom a U.S. Person is prohibited from transacting business of the type contemplated by this Contract, whether such prohibition arises under any relevant United States law, regulation and executive orders, including lists published by OFAC (including those executive orders and lists published by OFAC with respect to persons or entities that have been designated by executive order or by the sanction regulations of OFAC as persons or entities with whom U.S. Persons may not transact business or must limit their interactions to types approved by OFAC or otherwise) or under United Nations, OEDC or other similar laws, regulations, executive orders or guidelines. To Buyer's Knowledge, neither Buyer nor any of its direct or indirect beneficial owners is a Person with which a U.S. Person, including a United States Financial Institution as defined in 31 U.S.C. 5312, as amended is prohibited from transacting business of the type contemplated by this Contract under any applicable laws. To Buyer's Knowledge, Buyer and its direct and indirect beneficial owners are in compliance with the Patriot Act as applicable to Buyer and its direct and indirect beneficial owners. __clusterTitleType__11 
 Holder will hold in confidence all information concerning this Agreement and the placement of the Securities hereunder until the earlier of such time as (a) the Company has made a public announcement concerning the Agreement and the placement of the Securities hereunder, or (b) this Agreement is - 5 - terminated; provided, however, that the foregoing provision of this Section 4.7 shall not apply if the Company does not issue a press release concerning the Agreement and the placement of the Securities hereunder within two (2) days of the Closing. __clusterTitleType__17 
 (a) Without Owners' prior written consent, Managing Agent shall not sell, transfer, assign or otherwise dispose of or mortgage, hypothecate or otherwise encumber or permit or suffer any encumbrance of all or any part of its rights and obligations hereunder, and any transfer, encumbrance or other disposition of an interest herein made or attempted in violation of this paragraph shall be void and ineffective, and shall not be binding upon Owners. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Managing Agent may assign its rights and delegate its obligations under this Agreement to any successor in interest who shall acquire substantially all the assets of Managing Agent and substantially all of the personnel that are utilized by Managing Agent to perform services under this Agreement. (b) Owners, without Managing Agent's consent, may assign its rights and obligations hereunder to any mortgagee with respect to, or successor Owners of, the Managed Premises, but not otherwise. 7 (c) Consistent with the foregoing paragraphs (a) and (b), the terms "Owners" and "Managing Agent" as used in this Agreement shall mean the original parties hereto and their respective mortgagees, successors, assigns, heirs and legal representatives. __clusterTitleType__22 
 All notices, requests, demands, and other communications provided herein shall be in writing, shall be delivered by hand or by first-class mail, shall be deemed given when received and shall be addressed to parties hereto at their respective addresses first set forth on Exhibit A hereto. __clusterTitleType__4 
 Lyles agrees that he will cooperate with the Company in providing information, including testimony at trial or in depositions, if needed, regarding any present claims or future claims filed against the Company which are based on factual allegations about which Lyles has knowledge. __clusterTitleType__17 
  __clusterTitleType__17 
 All other notices under this Agreement shall be effective when actually received. Any notices or other communications which may be required under this Agreement are to be sent to the parties at the following addresses or such other addresses as may be subsequently given to the other parties in writing: Agent: JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association 1 East Ohio Street, Mail Code IN1-0045 Indianapolis, IN 46277 Fax:(317) 767-8008 Attn:John V. Schlechte, Senior Vice President the Debtor: ITT Educational Services, Inc. 13000 N. Meridian Street Carmel, IN 46032 Fax:(317) 706-9254 Attn:Chief Financial Officer the Intermediary: JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association 1111 Polaris Parkway, Suite 2N Columbus, OH 43240 Attn:[IAA Administrator], OH1-0634 the Intermediary shall send to both the Debtor and the Agent at the above addresses copies of all periodic and transaction statements concerning the Account. __clusterTitleType__17 
  Between the date of this Agreement and the applicable Closing Date, IDEH will continue to conduct its business as set forth in its filings with the SEC as of October 19, 2009, being the date of its latest Form 10-Q filing prior to the signing of this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Survival of Representations, Warranties and Covenants. All representations, warranties, covenants and releases of each Borrower made in this Agreement or any other document furnished in connection with this Agreement shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Forbearance Period, and no investigation by Agent or any Lender, or any closing, shall affect the representations and warranties or the right of Agent and Lenders to rely upon them. __clusterTitleType__17 
 __clusterTitleType__17 
  If the indemnification provided for in Section 2 hereof is for any reason unavailable to or insufficient to hold harmless the Indemnitee in respect of any losses, liabilities, claims, damages or expenses referred to therein, then the Company shall provide reimbursement to the Indemnitee for the aggregate amount of such losses, liabilities, claims, damages and expenses incurred by the Indemnitee. The aggregate amount of losses, liabilities, claims, damages and expenses incurred by the Indemnitee and referred to in this Section 3 shall be deemed to include any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by the Indemnitee in investigating, preparing for or defending against any Proceeding brought or asserted against the Indemnitee in respect of which indemnity may otherwise be sought under Section 2 hereof but for any reason is unavailable or insufficient. __clusterTitleType__27 
 This Note shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Oregon. If any provision of this Note is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable as written, then the parties agree that (a) such provision be enforceable to the full extent permitted by law, and (b) the invalidity or unenforceability of such provision shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the remainder of this Note. __clusterTitleType__7 
  Except as otherwise provided in this Section 8, each Grantor shall continue to collect, at its own expense, all amounts due or to become due to such Grantor under the Accounts. In connection with such collections, each Grantor may take (and, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default at Secured Partys direction, shall take) such action as such Grantor or Secured Party may deem necessary or advisable to enforce collection of amounts due or to become due under the Accounts; provided, however, that Secured Party shall have the right at any time, upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, to (i) notify the account debtors or obligors under any Accounts of the assignment of such Accounts to Secured Party and to direct such account debtors or obligors to make payment of all amounts due or to become due to such Grantor thereunder directly to Secured Party, (ii) notify each Person maintaining a lockbox or similar arrangement to which account debtors or obligors under any Accounts have been directed to make payment to remit all amounts representing collections on checks and other payment items from time to time sent to or deposited in such lockbox or other arrangement directly to Secured Party, (iii) enforce collection of any such Accounts at the expense of Grantors, and (iv) adjust, settle or compromise the amount or payment thereof, in the same manner and to the same extent as such Grantor might have done. Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default and upon receipt by any Grantor of notice from Secured Party, (A) all amounts and proceeds (including checks and other Instruments) received by such Grantor in respect of the Accounts shall be received in trust for the benefit of Secured Party hereunder, shall be segregated from other funds of such Grantor and shall be forthwith paid over or delivered to Secured Party in the same form as so received (with any necessary endorsement) to be held as cash Collateral and applied as provided by Section 16 hereof, and (B) such Grantor shall not, without the written consent of Secured Party, adjust, settle or compromise the amount or payment of any Account, or release wholly or partly any account debtor or obligor thereof, or allow any credit or discount thereon __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Agreement and the legal relations among the parties shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. The Company and Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally (i) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the Chancery Court of the State of Delaware (the Delaware Court), and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of America or any court in any other country, (ii) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Court for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, (iii) waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action or proceeding in the Delaware Court, and (iv) waive, and agree not to plead or to make, any claim that any such action or proceeding brought in the Delaware Court has been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum. __clusterTitleType__19 
 The headings of the various subdivisions hereof are for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of any of the provisions hereof. __clusterTitleType__24 
 This Agreement is not one of general agency by Managing Agent for Owners, but one with Managing Agent engaged as an independent contractor. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to create a joint venture, partnership, tenancy-in-common or other similar relationship between Owners and Managing Agent for any purposes whatsoever, and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither the terms of this Agreement nor the fact that Owners and Managing Agent have joint interests in any one or more investments, ownership or other interests in any one or more entities or may have common officers or employees or a tenancy relationship shall be construed so as to make them such partners or joint venturers or impose any liability as such on either of them. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Box 701629 Dallas, TX 75370 By: SECRETARY TRANSFER AGENT-AUTHORIZED SIGNATURE __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Company or its agent shall be responsible for all tax reporting under this Escrow Agreement. The Company shall provide to Escrow Agent upon the execution of this Agreement any documentation requested and any information reasonably requested by the Escrow Agent to comply with the USA Patriot Act of 2001, as amended from time to time. The Escrow Agent, or its agent, shall complete an OFAC search, in compliance with its policy and procedures, of each subscription check and shall inform the Company if a subscription check fails the OFAC search. The Dealer Manager shall provide a copy of each subscription check in order that the Escrow Agent, or its agent, may perform such OFAC search. __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Agreement may be signed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original and all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement. __clusterTitleType__10 
 Agency agrees to keep confidential all information herein and/or related to Debt Owner and the Account Debtors, including but not limited to Privacy Provisions of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 for which Agency obtains or develops as a result of collecting Accounts. All such information may be used solely by Agency as necessary for the performance of Agencys obligations under this agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Each party (as the Representing Party) represents and warrants to the other party that (i) the Representing Party (including any person signing on behalf of a Representing Party) has the full power and authority to execute, deliver and perform this Transfer Agreement; (ii) the execution, delivery and performance of this Transfer Agreement by the Representing Party and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby by the Representing Party have been duly and validly authorized by the Representing Party; (iii) the Representing Party has duly executed and delivered this Transfer Agreement; (iv) this Transfer Agreement evidences the valid, binding and enforceable obligation of the Representing Party except as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar laws affecting creditors rights generally or general equitable principles; and (v) all requisite action has been taken by the Representing Party to make this Transfer Agreement valid and binding upon the Representing Party in accordance with its terms. __clusterTitleType__11 
 The parties may sign any number of copies of this First Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together represent the same agreement. __clusterTitleType__10 
 The Company hereby agrees that, so long as the Note remains outstanding and unpaid, or any other amount is owing to the Holder hereunder, the Company will: (a)Corporate Existence and Qualification Take the necessary steps to preserve its corporate existence and its right to conduct business in all states in which the nature of its business requires qualification to do business; (b)Books of Account Keep its books of account in accordance with good accounting practices; (c)Insurance Maintain insurance with responsible and reputable insurance companies or associations, as determined by the Company in its sole but reasonable discretion, in such amounts and covering such risks as is usually carried by companies engaged in similar businesses and owning similar properties in the same general areas in which the Company operates; (d)Compliance with Law Comply with the charter and bylaws or other organizational or governing documents of the Company, and any law, treaty, rule or regulation, or determination of an arbitrator or a court or other governmental authority, in each case applicable to or binding upon the Company or any of its property or to which each the Company or any of its property is subject; (e)Taxes Duly pay and discharge all taxes or other claims, which might become a lien upon any of its property except to the extent that any thereof are being in good faith appropriately contested with adequate reserves provided therefore; (f)Reservation of Shares At all times have authorized, and reserved for the purpose of issuance, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock and issuable upon conversion of this Note to provide for the issuance of all of the Shares. Prior to complete conversion of this Note, the Company shall not reduce the number of shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance hereunder without the written consent of the Holder except for a reduction proportionate to a reverse stock split effected for a business purpose other than affecting the requirements of this Section, which reverse stock split affects all shares of Common Stock equally; and (g)Use of Proceeds Use the proceeds of the Notes for the purposes described in the Memorandum. 7 (h)Notice of Known Events of Default The Company shall furnish to the Investor Representative a notice of any occurrence of an Event of Default, and what action the Company is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto, promptly after such Event of Default becomes known to the Company. (i)Further Assurances The Company shall execute and deliver any and all such further documents and take any and all such other actions as may be reasonably necessary or appropriate to carry out the intent and purposes of this Note and to consummate the transactions contemplated herein. __clusterTitleType__17 
 If the Maker completes a New Offering, the Maker shall give the Holder the option to convert this Note, in whole or in part, into Common Stock of the Maker based on a conversion price equal to the lower of: (a) the closing bid price per share of the Common Stock on the date first above written as reported on the Over-The-Counter Bulletin Board, or if there is not such price on the Effective Date, then the last bid price on the date nearest preceding the date first above written, or; (b) the average price at which the Maker sells its Common Stock in the New Offering (the Conversion Price)(the Conversion Shares). __clusterTitleType__17 
 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Company shall advance all Expenses incurred by or on behalf of Indemnitee in connection with any Proceeding by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status within thirty (30) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements from Indemnitee requesting such advance or advances from time to time, whether prior to or after final disposition of such Proceeding. Such statement or statements shall reasonably evidence the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee and shall include or be preceded or accompanied by a written undertaking by or on behalf of Indemnitee to repay any Expenses advanced if it shall ultimately be determined that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified against such Expenses. Any advances and undertakings to repay pursuant to this Section 5 shall be unsecured and interest free. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Notwithstanding any provisions contained in this Agreement or in any of the other Loan Documents, Borrower shall not be in default for failure to pay or discharge any mechanics or materialmans lien asserted against the Property if, and so long as: (i) Borrower shall have notified Lender of same within five (5) days of obtaining Page 22 knowledge thereof; (ii) Borrower shall diligently and in good faith contest the same by appropriate legal proceedings which shall operate to prevent the enforcement or collection of the same and the sale of the Property, or any part thereof, to satisfy the same; (iii) if the asserted lien is more than $250,000, Borrower shall have furnished to Lender a cash deposit, or an indemnity bond satisfactory to Lender with a surety satisfactory to Lender, in the amount of the mechanics or materialmans lien claim, plus a reasonable additional sum to pay all costs, interest and penalties that may be imposed or incurred in connection therewith, to assure payment of the matters under contest and to prevent any sale or forfeiture of the Property, or any part thereof; (iv) Borrower shall promptly upon final determination thereof pay the amount of any such claim so determined, together with all costs, interest and penalties which may be payable in connection therewith; (v) the failure to pay the mechanics or materialmans lien claim does not constitute a default under any other deed of trust, mortgage or security interest covering or affecting any part of the Property; and (vi) notwithstanding the foregoing, Borrower immediately shall, upon request of Lender, pay (and if Borrower shall fail so to do, Lender may, but shall not be required to, pay or cause to be discharged or bonded against) any such claim notwithstanding such contest, if in the reasonable opinion of Lender the Property shall be in jeopardy or in danger of being forfeited or foreclosed. Lender may pay over any such cash deposit or part thereof to the claimant entitled thereto at any time when, in the sole judgment of Lender, the entitlement of such claimant is established. __clusterTitleType__17 
 In determining whether the Holders of the required aggregate principal amount of the Securities of any Series have concurred in any direction, waiver or consent, the Securities of any Series owned by the Company or any other obligor on such Securities, or by any Affiliate of any of them, shall be disregarded, except that for the purposes of determining whether the Trustee shall be protected in relying on any such direction, waiver or consent, only Securities of such Series which the Trustee actually knows are so owned shall be so disregarded. Securities of such Series so owned which have been pledged in good faith shall not be disregarded if the pledgee establishes to the satisfaction of the Trustee the pledgees right so to act with respect to the Securities of such Series and that the pledgee is not the Company or any other obligor on the Securities of such Series, or an Affiliate of any of them. 13 __clusterTitleType__17 
  (a)Registrable Securities The securities entitled to the benefits of this Agreement are Registrable Securities. A Registrable Security ceases to be entitled to the benefits of this Agreement when it is registered under the Securities Act and disposed of in accordance with the registration statement covering it. (b)Holders of Registrable Securities A Person is deemed to be a holder of Registrable Securities whenever that Person owns, directly or beneficially, or has the right to acquire Registrable Securities, disregarding any legal restrictions upon the exercise of that right. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The parties may sign any number of copies of this Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together represent the same agreement. __clusterTitleType__10 
 This Agreement may be executed simultaneously in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. The exhibits attached hereto and initialed by the parties are made a part hereof and incorporated herein by this reference. __clusterTitleType__10 
 (a)Exercisability of the Option Generally. The Option may be exercised only after it has become exercisable, to the extent that it has become and remains exercisable, as specified in this Agreement. Subject to forfeiture as provided herein or in the Plan, the Option will become exercisable cumulatively as follows, so long as the Optionee remains in the continuous employ of the Employer or a subsidiary of the Employer from the date hereof to the applicable vesting date set forth in the table below (each, a Vesting Date): Number of Option Shares Exercisable Vesting Date 116,666 Common Shares January 7, 2010 116,667 Common Shares January 7, 2011 116,667 Common Shares January 7, 2012 provided, however, that the Option shall become fully exercisable upon the death or Disability (defined below) of the Optionee; provided, further, however, that the Option shall be exercisable after the Optionee ceases to be employed the Employer for any reason other than the Optionees death or disability only to the extent that the Option was exercisable at the date of such cessation of service or has become exercisable pursuant to this Section 3 within two months after the date of such cessation of service. The Optionee shall be considered to have a Disability if the Optionee is unable to perform the duties assigned to the Optionee by the Employer due to illness, physical or mental disability or other incapacity for a total of 120 or more business days during any twelve month period. (b)Acceleration of Exercisability on a Discretionary Basis and Upon Change in Control. The provisions of Section 3(a) hereof notwithstanding, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, at any time, upon written notice to the Optionee, accelerate the exercisability of all or a specified portion of the Option, as provided in Section 3(b)(iii) of the Plan. In addition, in the event of a Change in Control of the Company at a time that the Optionee is employed by the Employer or any of its affiliates, the Option shall become immediately and full exercisable upon the occurrence of such Change in Control, as provided in Section 8(a)(i) of the Plan. (c)Option Cumulatively Exercisable; Fractional Shares. The number of Option Shares with respect to which the Option may be exercised shall be cumulative so that if, in any of the aforementioned periods, the full number of Option Shares shall not have been purchased, any such unpurchased Shares shall continue to be included in the number of Option Shares with respect to which the Option shall then be exercisable along with any other Option Shares as to which the Option may become exercisable in accordance with the terms hereof. The Option may be exercised only to purchase whole shares, and no fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Option. __clusterTitleType__1 
 All notices, demands and requests required or permitted to be given under the provisions hereof must be in writing and shall be deemed to have been sufficiently given, upon receipt, if (i) personally delivered, (ii) sent by telecopy and confirmed by phone or (iii) mailed by registered or certified mail, with return receipt requested, delivered to the addresses set forth below, or to such other address as a party shall have designated by notice in writing to the other parties in the manner provided by this paragraph: (1) If to Company: KBS Legacy Partners Apartment REIT, Inc. 620 Newport Center Drive, Suite 1300 Newport Beach, CA 92660 Telephone: (949) 417-6500 Facsimile: (949) 417-6520 Company Wire Instructions: To be provided by the Company (2) If to the Escrow Agent: UMB Bank, N.A. 1010 Grand Blvd., 4th Floor Mail Stop: 1020409 - 7 - Kansas City, Missouri 64106 Attention: Lara Stevens, Corporate Trust Telephone: (816) 860-3017 Facsimile: (816) 860-3029 Escrow Agent Wiring Instructions: UMB Bank, N.A. ABA Routing Number: 101000695 Account Number: To be provided by UMB Bank, N.A. Account Name: UMB Bank, N.A., as Escrow Agent for KBS Legacy Partners Apartment REIT, Inc. Checks Payable Information: UMB Bank, N.A., as Escrow Agent for KBS Legacy Partners Apartment REIT, Inc. Attention: Lara Stevens, Corporate Trust 1010 Grand Boulevard, 4th Floor M/S 1020409 Kansas City, Missouri 64106 (3) If to Dealer Manager: KBS Capital Markets Group, LLC 660 Newport Center Drive, Suite 1200 Newport Beach, CA 92660 Attention: Hans Henselman, Chief Compliance Officer Telephone: (949) 717-6247 Facsimile: (949) 717-6201 __clusterTitleType__4 
 . Special meetings of the stockholders, for any proper purpose or purposes, may be called by the Secretary on behalf of the Board of Directors at any time upon proper request by the Chief Executive Officer, if any, President, Vice-President or by a majority of the Board of Directors, or by one or more stockholders holding at least ten (10%) percent of the entire capital stock of the Corporation issued and outstanding and entitled to vote; provided, however, except in special cases where other express provision is made by statute, notice of such special meeting shall be given by or at the direction of the Board of Directors and a place, day and hour set in accordance with Section 3 and otherwise in the same manner as for annual meetings of stockholders. Notices of any special meetings shall specify, in addition to the place, day and hour of such meetings, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called in accordance with Section 5. __clusterTitleType__17 
 In addition to, and without regard to any limitations on, the indemnification provided for in Section 1 of this Agreement, the Company shall and hereby does indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee against all Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf if, by reason of his or her Corporate Status, Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or participant in any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company), including, without limitation, all liability arising out of the negligence or active or passive wrongdoing of Indemnitee. The only limitation that shall exist upon the Companys obligations pursuant to this Agreement shall be that the Company shall not be obligated to make any payment to Indemnitee that is finally determined (under the procedures, and subject to the presumptions, set forth in Sections 6 and 7 hereof) to be unlawful. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The parties hereby agree that this Agreement supersedes any prior indemnification agreement between the parties in its entirety and this Agreement is hereby determined to amend and restate such prior agreements, if any. SIGNATURE PAGE TO FOLLOW SPS Commerce, Inc. Form of Director Indemnification Agreement [Independent Director] Page 10 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on and as of the day and year first above written. COMPANY By: Archie C. Black Chief Executive Officer INDEMNITEE Name: Address: SPS Commerce, Inc. Form of Director Indemnification Agreement [Independent Director] Signature 11 __clusterTitleType__17 
 Indemnitee agrees promptly to notify the Company in writing upon being served with or otherwise receiving any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating to any Proceeding or matter which may be subject to indemnification covered hereunder. The failure to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company of any obligation which it may have to Indemnitee under this Agreement or otherwise. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Upon Restricted Stock Units becoming non-forfeitable in accordance with Section 2 of this Agreement, each such Restricted Stock Unit shall entitle the Employee to, in the discretion of the Committee, one share of Common Stock or an amount of cash equal to the Fair Market Value of one share of Common Stock determined as of the date on which such Restricted Stock Units become non-forfeitable. Settlement of the Restricted Stock Units shall occur on the Prescribed Date as nominated by the Committee. The Prescribed Date shall be a date on or after the date on which the Companys annual audited financial statements for the year ending December 31, 2012 are filed with the SEC but shall not, in any event, be a date later than April 30 2013. In determining the Prescribed Date, the Committee shall be entitled to take into account closed trading periods for the Common Stock and the Companys Insider Trading Policy. If settlement is made in the form of shares of Common Stock, such shares shall be evidenced by book entry registration or by a certificate registered in the name of the Employee. __clusterTitleType__17 
 In the case of a dispute as to the determination of the Exercise Price or the arithmetic calculation of the Warrant Shares, the Company shall submit the disputed determinations or arithmetic calculations via facsimile within two Business Days of receipt of the Exercise Notice giving rise to such dispute, as the case may be, to the Holder. If the Holder and the Company are unable to agree upon such determination or calculation of the Exercise Price or the Warrant Shares within three Business Days of such disputed determination or arithmetic calculation being submitted to the Holder, then the Company shall, within two Business Days submit via facsimile (a) the disputed determination of the Exercise Price to an independent, reputable investment bank selected by the Company and approved by the Holder or (b) the disputed arithmetic calculation of the Warrant Shares to the Companys independent, outside accountant. The Company shall cause at its expense the investment bank or the accountant, as the case may be, to perform the determinations or calculations and notify the Company and the Holder of the results no later than ten Business Days from the time it receives the disputed determinations or calculations. Such investment banks or accountants determination or calculation, as the case may be, shall be binding upon all parties absent demonstrable error. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Neither the Company nor any company controlling, controlled by or under common control with the Company shall issue additional Shares, rights to subscribe for Shares, securities convertible into or exchangeable for Shares or rights to subscribe for any such securities or shall deposit any Shares under this Deposit Agreement, except under circumstances complying in all respects with the Securities Act of 1933. The Depositary will use reasonable efforts to comply with written instructions of the Company not to accept for deposit hereunder any Shares identified in such instructions at such times and under such circumstances as may reasonably be specified in such instructions in order to facilitate the Companys compliance with securities laws in the United States. __clusterTitleType__17 
 __clusterTitleType__17 
 1.1 The Pledgor hereby grants to Pledgee a security interest in all Pledged Shares as security for the Companys obligations under the Units and Debentures. Simultaneously with the execution of the Transaction Documents, the Pledgor shall deliver to the Escrow Agent stock certificates representing the Pledged Shares, in such denominations as requested by the Pledgee, together with duly executed stock powers or other appropriate transfer documents executed in blank by the Pledgor (the Transfer Documents), and such stock certificates and Transfer Documents shall be held by the Escrow Agent until the full payment of all amounts due to the Pledgee under the Units and Debentures and through repayment in accordance with the terms of the Units and Debentures, or the termination or expiration of this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
  If an Event of Default (other than an Event of Default specified in Section 6.01(a)(3) or (4) of the Indenture) occurs and is continuing, the Trustee by notice to the Issuer in writing, or the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes by notice in writing to the Issuer, may declare the principal of and accrued but unpaid interest on all the Notes to be due and payable. Upon such a declaration, such principal and interest shall be due and payable immediately. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if an Event of Default specified in Section 6.01(a)(3) or (4) of the Indenture occurs, the principal of and interest on all the Notes shall ipso facto become and be immediately due and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or any Noteholders. __clusterTitleType__26 
 During the period of your employment with Dole or a Dole subsidiary and for a period of twenty-four (24) months following immediately thereafter (the Restricted Period), you shall not, either directly or indirectly, alone or in conjunction with another person: 1) interfere with or harm, or attempt to interfere with or harm, the relationship of Dole, with any person who at any time was an employee, consultant, supplier, licensor, licensee, contractor, agent, strategic partner, distributor or customer of Dole or a subsidiary of Dole or otherwise had a business relationship with Dole; or 2) solicit, induce or recruit the employment or services of (whether as an employee, officer, director, agent, consultant or independent contractor), except as otherwise agreed to in writing by Dole, any individual who, at the time of such solicitation, inducement or recruitment, was an employee, officer, director, or individual serving as agent, consultant or independent contractor of Dole or a subsidiary of Dole. __clusterTitleType__17 
  (a) Prior to the 90th day after the beginning of a Performance Period, or otherwise in a manner not inconsistent with Treasury Regulation Section 1. (b) Except as provided below, the Committee shall have the authority at any time (i) during the Performance Period to remove Participants from the Plan for that Performance Period and (ii) prior to the Participation Date (or 2 later in a manner consistent with the requirements of Section 162(m) of the Code) to add Participants to the Plan for a particular Performance Period. __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Agreement shall not be construed against the party preparing it, and shall be construed without regard to the identity of the person who drafted it or the party who caused it to be drafted and shall be construed as if all parties had jointly prepared this Agreement and it shall be deemed their joint work product, and each and every provision of this Agreement shall be construed as though all of the parties hereto participated equally in the drafting hereof; and any uncertainty or ambiguity shall not be interpreted against any one party. As a result of the foregoing, any rule of construction that a document is to be construed against the drafting party shall not be applicable. __clusterTitleType__12 
 1.1Title Executive shall be employed as the Chief Executive Officer of Sionix. 1.2Duties Subject to the direction and supervision of the Board of Directors, Executive shall have the general powers and duties of supervision and management usually vested in the Chief Executive Officer of a corporation. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Executive agrees to read, sign and abide by Companys Employee Innovations and Proprietary Rights Assignment Agreement, which is provided with this Agreement and incorporated herein by reference. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Grantee shall be prohibited from selling, assigning, transferring, pledging, encumbering or otherwise disposing of the Shares, except by will or the laws of descent and distribution, and the Shares shall be subject to forfeiture unless and until the Shares vest as provided in Section 3 (the Restrictions). __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. This Agreement may also be executed and delivered by facsimile signature and in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. __clusterTitleType__10 
 To the extent requested by Indemnitee and approved by the Board of Directors of the Company, the Company may at any time and from time to time provide security to Indemnitee for the Companys obligations hereunder through an irrevocable bank line of credit, funded trust or other collateral. Any such security, once provided to Indemnitee, may not be revoked or released without the prior written consent of the Indemnitee. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Each party shall indemnify and hold harmless the other parties, its officers, directors, and employees from and against any and all liability, loss, damage, cost or expense (including court costs and reasonable attorney fees) for any claims, demands, suits or causes of action, of whatsoever nature and by whomever asserted, in any way (i) arising out of, resulting from, or relating to the breach of this Agreement by that party, and (ii) arising out of, resulting from or relating to the actions of that party to this Agreement which are beyond the reasonable control of the other party or parties. __clusterTitleType__25 
 This Note shall not be valid until an authorized signatory of the Trustee (or an authenticating agent) manually signs the certificate of authentication on the other side of this Note. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Company shall advance, to the extent not expressly prohibited by law, the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any Proceeding, and such advancement shall be made within five days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements requesting such advances (which shall include invoices received by Indemnitee in connection with such Expenses but, in the case of invoices in connection with legal services, any references to legal work performed or to expenditures made that would cause Indemnitee to waive any privilege accorded by law shall not be included with the invoice) from time to time, whether prior to or after final disposition of any Proceeding. Advances shall be unsecured and interest free. Advances shall be made without regard to Indemnitees ability to repay the expenses and without regard to Indemnitees ultimate entitlement to indemnification under the other provisions of this Deed. Advances shall include any and all reasonable Expenses incurred pursuing an action to enforce this right of advancement, an action to enforce Indemnitees rights generally under this Deed and any application under Section 391, including Expenses incurred preparing and forwarding statements to the Company to support the advances claimed. The Indemnitee shall qualify for advances upon the execution and delivery to the Company of this Deed which shall constitute an undertaking providing that the Indemnitee undertakes to the extent required by law to repay the advance of Expenses if and to the extent that it is ultimately determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final judgment, not subject to appeal, or other competent authority or arbitrator that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company. Indemnitee further undertakes to repay any amounts paid by the Company for indemnification hereunder if and to the extent that it is ultimately determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final judgment, not subject to appeal, or other competent authority or arbitrator that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company. This Section 7 shall not apply to any claim made by Indemnitee for which indemnity is excluded pursuant to Section 6 following the ultimate determination by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final judgment, not subject to appeal, or other competent authority or arbitrator. The right to advances under this paragraph shall in all events continue until final disposition of any Proceeding, including any appeal therein. For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions of Section 9 shall not apply to advancement of Expenses as contemplated by this Section 7. __clusterTitleType__17 
  (a)Quantity and Time of Supply  Time of Supply Average Supply Amount (ton) Total Remark August, 2009 no less than 20 tons September, 2009 no less than 20 tons October,2009 no less than 20 tons November, 2009 no less than 20 tons December, 2009 no less than 20 tons (b)Price  The price of the following month is negotiated by both parties at the end of each month. __clusterTitleType__17 
 All notices, requests, demands and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if (a) delivered by hand and receipted for by the party to whom said notice or other communication shall have been directed, (b) mailed by certified or registered mail with postage prepaid, on the third business day after the date on which it is so mailed, (c) mailed by reputable overnight courier and receipted for by the party to whom said notice or other communication shall have been directed or (d) sent by e-mail or facsimile transmission, with receipt of confirmation that such transmission has been received: (a)If to Indemnitee, at such addresses as Indemnitee shall provide to Willis US.  (b)If to Willis US, to:  Willis North America, Inc. 26 Century Boulevard Nashville, Tennessee 37214 Attention: E-mail: 10 or to any other addresses as may have been furnished to Indemnitee by Willis US. __clusterTitleType__4 
 -5- Borrower hereby irrevocably authorizes any attorney-at-law to appear in any court of record in the State of Ohio, or in any other state or territory of the United States after the Note becomes due, whether by lapse of time, acceleration of Maturity or otherwise, waive the issuance and service of process, admit the Maturity of the Note and confess judgment against the Borrower in favor of any holder of the Note for the amount then appearing due, together with interest thereon and costs of suit, and thereupon to release all errors and waive all rights of appeal and stay of execution. Borrower expressly (a) waives a conflict of interest as to any attorney retained by Bank to confess judgment against the Borrower upon the Note, and (b) consents to the attorney retained by Bank receiving a legal fee from Bank for legal services rendered for confessing judgment against the Borrower, upon the Note. A copy of the Note, certified by Bank, may be filed in each such proceeding in place of filing the original as a warrant of attorney. The authority and power to appear for and enter judgment against the Borrower, additional exercises thereof or any imperfect exercise thereof, shall not be extinguished by any judgment entered pursuant thereto. This warrant of attorney to confess judgment shall remain in full force and effect so long as any portion of the indebtedness evidenced hereby remains unpaid, and any confession of judgment and subsequent vacation thereof shall not constitute termination of this warrant of attorney to confess judgment. __clusterTitleType__17 
 (a)Company shall immediately notify Legend if it is the subject of any material investigation or material litigation. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Except for the indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries in existence on the date hereof as described in the Memorandum (including the financial statements that form a part thereof), and subject to the terms and conditions of this Note and the other Transaction Documents, the obligations of the Company under this Noteshall rank senior with respect toallexisting indebtedness of the Companyas of the date hereof andto any andall indebtedness incurred hereafter.The term indebtedness as used in this Section 4, refers to all unsecured debts and obligations of the Company, including trade payables. __clusterTitleType__17 
 3 of the Sublease, XSUNX caused Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. to issue its Irrevocable Letter of Credit No. NZS904387 (the Letter of Credit) in favor of MERIX in the amount of $106,000.00. __clusterTitleType__17 
 (a) Through and including January 4, 2013, Employee agrees and covenants that Employee shall not in any way, for Employees own account, or for the account of any person, firm, corporation, or organization, become engaged, directly or indirectly, either as an agent, employee, consultant, partner, officer, director, stockholder, proprietor, owner or otherwise of any person, firm, corporation or organization engaged in direct competition with AmeriServ Financial. (b) Through and including January 4, 2013, Employee agrees and covenants that Employee shall not directly or indirectly try to solicit or entice any individual who is, at that time, an employee of AmeriServ Financial or of any affiliate or subsidiary of AmeriServ Financial, whom Employees know to be such an affiliate, to leave employment with AmeriServ Financial or such affiliate or subsidiary. (c) Because of the nature and scope of AmeriServ Financials operations, Employee acknowledges that the scope of the foregoing restrictions as set forth in the preceding subparagraphs (a) and (b) are fair and reasonable and that such restrictions are intended solely to protect the legitimate interests of AmeriServ Financial and such restrictions are not intended nor will they prevent Employee from earning a livelihood. (d) Employee agrees that money damages would not be a sufficient remedy for any breach of the non-competition and non-solicitation provisions of this Agreement by Employee and that, in addition to all other remedies available at law or in equity, AmeriServ Financial shall be entitled to specific performance and to injunctive or other equitable relief as a remedy for any such breach. Employee agrees not to oppose the granting of such relief and to waive any requirement for the securing or posting of any bond in connection with such remedy. Employee further agrees that if AmeriServ Financial prevails in any suit or action under this Agreement, Employee shall reimburse AmeriServ Financial for its expenses incurred in connection with such suit or action, including without limitation, its attorneys' fees and costs. __clusterTitleType__17 
  This Agreement shall become effective as of the date hereof, and the Credit Agreement shall be amended as provided herein, upon the occurrence of all of the following: (a) the Majority Banks, the Borrowers, and the Guarantors duly and validly executing originals of this Agreement and delivery thereof to the Agent, (b) the representations and warranties in this Agreement being true and correct in all material respects before and after giving effect to this Agreement, (c) the Borrowers having made a prepayment of Advances, and if the Advances have been repaid in full, made deposits into the Cash Collateral Account to provide cash collateral for the Letter of Credit Exposure, in an aggregate amount equal to the amount of any Borrowing Base Deficiency that would exist immediately after giving effect to the reduction of the Borrowing Base specified in Section 2(c) of this Agreement, and (d) the Borrowers having paid all costs, expenses, and fees which have been invoiced and are payable pursuant to Section 9.4 of the Credit Agreement or any other written agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The obligation of the Company hereunder to issue and sell the Warrants and the Debentures to each Purchaser at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions, provided that these conditions are for the Company's sole benefit and may be waived by the Company at any time in its sole discretion by providing each Purchaser with prior written notice thereof: (i)Such Purchaser shall have executed each of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and delivered the same to the Company (ii)Such Purchaser and each other Purchaser shall have delivered to the Escrow Agent the Purchase Price being purchased by such Purchaser at the Closing by wire transfer of immediately available funds pursuant to the wire instructions provided by the Company or by check made payable to Richardson & Patel LLP Client Trust Account  F/B/O Sionix Corporation (iii)The representations and warranties of such Purchaser shall be true and correct in all material respects (except for those representations and warranties that are qualified by materiality or a material adverse effect, which shall be true and correct in all respects) as of the date when made and as of the Closing Date as though made at that time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date, which shall be true and correct as of such specified date), and such Purchaser shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by such Purchaser at or prior to the Closing Date. __clusterTitleType__17 
  For all purposes of the Existing Lease, the notice addresses for Landlord is as follows: Reston Town Center Property LLC c/o Beacon Capital Partners, LLC 200 State Street, 5th Floor Boston, Massachusetts 02109 With a copy to: Goulston & Storrs, P.C. 400 Atlantic Avenue Boston, Massachusetts 02110 Attn: Market Square  Reston Town Center -2- __clusterTitleType__4 
  14.1Neither the members of the Target Group nor any person for whose acts the members of the Target Group may be jointly liable or who may render the Target Group jointly liable is a claimant, defendant or otherwise a party to any litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings which are in progress or are threatened or pending by or against or concerning any member of the Target Group or any of its assets.  None of the members of the Target Group is being prosecuted for any criminal offence and no governmental, administrative or official investigation or inquiry concerning the business or management officers of the members of the Target Group or its assets is in progress or pending and there are no circumstances which are likely to give rise to any such proceedings, investigation or inquiry. 14.2Neither the members of the Target Group nor any of its management officers, agents or employees (during the course of their duties in relation to the business of the Company) has committed or omitted to do any act or thing the commission or omission of which could be in contravention of the statutory obligations or laws of Hong Kong, China or any other country giving rise to any fine, penalty, default proceedings or other liability in relation to the business, management officers or property of the members of the Target Group or any judgment or decision which would materially affect the financial or trading position or prospects of the members of the Target Group.  14.3The members of the Target Group have not done or agreed to do anything as a result of which either any investment or other grant paid to the them is or may be liable to be refunded in whole or in part or any such grant for which application has been made by them may not be paid or may be reduced.  14.4The members of the Target Group do not have any outstanding debts in respect of any statutory or governmental levies or charges.  14.5The Target Equity was not purchased or subscribed for by the Vendor with funds (and financing guarantees of the bank) derived from criminal proceeds.  14.6To the best of the Vendors knowledge, information and belief:  14.6.1none of the assets owned by the members of the Target Group has been acquired with monies representing the proceeds of crime.  14.6.2the members of the Target Group have not at any time received monies representing criminal proceeds.  __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Agreement will be interpreted according to the laws of the State of Florida. Any conflict not resolved by out-of-court negotiation between the parties shall be heard in a court with appropriate jurisdiction located in Sarasota County Florida. __clusterTitleType__7 
 A Contingent Owner may be designated. __clusterTitleType__17 
 , CONSOLIDATION , EXCHANGE , ACQUISITION , LIQUIDATION OR DISSOLUTION In its absolute discretion, and on such terms and conditions as it deems appropriate, the Board may determine that any RSU Award (which throughout this Rule 8 includes a Matching RSU Award) shall lapse on a Change in Control, a merger, amalgamation pursuant to Irish law, or other consolidation of the Company or the Willis Group with or into another company, the exchange or all or substantially all of the assets of the Company or the Willis Group for the securities of another company, the acquisition by another Person or Group of 80% or more of the Company or the Willis Group then outstanding voting shares or the recapitalisation, reclassification, liquidation or dissolution of the Company or the Willis Group (Event), and if the Board so provides, it shall on such terms and conditions as it deems appropriate in its absolute discretion, determine that the Vesting Date for all RSU Awards made under the Plan shall be such date prior to the occurrence of such Event as it may decide and that upon the occurrence of such Event such RSU Award shall terminate and be of no further force or effect; provided, however, that the Board may also provide, in its absolute discretion, that even if the RSU Awards shall continue in existence following the occurrence of such Event, any such RSU Awards shall constitute an Allocation or Forfeitable Shares over the kind and amount of securities and/or other property, or the cash equivalent thereof, receivable as a result of such Event by the holder of a number of Shares in the Company which was subject to the RSU Awards prior to the occurrence of such Event. __clusterTitleType__17 
 All notices and other communications given or made pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given: (a) upon personal delivery to the party to be notified, (b) when sent by confirmed electronic mail or facsimile if sent during normal business hours of the recipient, and if not so confirmed, then on the next business day, (c) five (5) days after having been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (d) one (1) day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, specifying next day delivery, with written verification of receipt. All communications shall be sent: (a) To Indemnitee at the address set forth below Indemnitee signature hereto (b) To the Company at: 15 Generac Holdings Inc. S45 W29290 Hwy. 59 Waukesha, WI 53187 Attention: Chief Executive Officer or to such other address as may have been furnished to Indemnitee by the Company or to the Company by Indemnitee, as the case may be. __clusterTitleType__4 
 In connection with the Services described above, the Company shall pay to Rodman the following compensation: 1. Placement Agents Fee The Company shall pay to Rodman a cash placement fee (the Placement Agents Fee) equal to 7% of the aggregate purchase price paid by each purchaser of Securities that are placed in the Offering. The Placement Agents Fee shall be paid at the closing of the Offering (the Closing) from the gross proceeds of the Securities sold. 2. Warrants Such number of warrants (the Rodman Warrants) to Rodman or its designees at the Closing to purchase shares of Common Stock equal to 5% of the aggregate number of shares or shares underlying any convertible Securities sold in the Offering, but excluding shares underlying any warrants issued to the Purchasers in the Offering. The Rodman Warrants shall have the same terms as the warrants (if any) issued to the Purchasers in the Offering except that the exercise price shall be 125% of the public offering price per share and the expiration date shall be five years from the effective date of the shelf registration statement referred to in Section 2(A) below. The Rodman Warrants shall not be transferable for six months from the date of the Offering except as permitted by FINRA Rule 5110(g)(1), and further, the number of Shares underlying the Rodman Warrants shall be reduced if necessary to comply with FINRA rules or regulations. __clusterTitleType__17 
  It is the express intention of NEO and of Marketing to comply with all aspects of the rules, regulations and decisions of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (the FERC) regarding Asset Management Agreements that were in effect at the time of execution of this Addendum, or as such rules, regulations and decisions may be changed throughout the term of the AMA. Deviations from such rules, regulations and decisions of the FERC related to AMAs are due to mistake or inadvertence and not to intent. If an action occurs that results in a material deviation from the rules, regulations or decisions of the FERC, NEO and Marketing pledge to make a good faith effort to rectify such deviations, when discovered by either or both of them. Material deviations that result in harm to competitive markets or harm to competitors will be reported to the Chief Compliance Officer of NEO. __clusterTitleType__17 
 In the event the Shares have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), at the time this Option is exercised, if required by the Corporation, the Optionee shall deliver to the Corporation, concurrently with the exercise of all or any portion of this Option, his or her Investment Representation Statement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B. __clusterTitleType__1 
 If any provisions of this Agreement are held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid under any applicable statute or rule of law, they are to that extent to be deemed omitted and the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. __clusterTitleType__14 
 . The Executive hereby agrees that, during the term of his/her employment with the Company, he will not engage in any other employment, occupation, consulting or other business activity related to the business in which the Company is now involved or becomes involved during the term of the Executives employment, nor will the Executive engage in any other activities that conflict with his/her obligations to the Company without the prior written consent of the Company. __clusterTitleType__13 
 All notices, request, demands and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be given in writing and shall be deemed to have been duty given if delivered or mailed, postage prepaid, first class as follows: To the Company XsunX Inc. Attention: Tom Djokovich To the employee: XXXXX Attention: Robert Wendt or to such other addresses as wither Party shall have previously specified in writing to the other. __clusterTitleType__4 
 The paragraph headings appearing in this Agreement are for the purposes of easy reference and shall not be considered a part of this Agreement or in any way modify, amend or affect its provisions. __clusterTitleType__24 
 The Company hereby conditionally grants to Optionee an option ("Option") to purchase the total number of shares of Common Stock of the Company set forth above ("Shares") at the Exercise Price Per Share set forth above ("Exercise Price"), subject to all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan. If designated as an Incentive Stock Option above, the Option is intended to qualify as an "incentive stock option" ("ISO") within the meaning of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended ("Code"). Subject to the Plan, only Employees of the Company shall receive ISOs. This Agreement shall be deemed a Stock Option Agreement as defined in the Plan. The terms and conditions of the Plan are incorporated herein by this reference. All specific terms and references, including capitalized terms and references, which are undefined in this Agreement, shall have the definition and meaning ascribed to them in the Plan, including, without limitation, the definition of the terms Employee and Consultant. __clusterTitleType__1 
 No delay or failure by any party hereto to insist, in any one or more instances, upon performance of any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement or to exercise any rights or remedies hereunder shall constitute a waiver or relinquishment of such rights or remedies or any other rights or remedies hereunder. __clusterTitleType__8 
  All notices, requests, demands and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if (a) delivered by hand and receipted for by the party to whom said notice or other communication shall have been directed, (b) mailed by certified or registered mail with postage prepaid, on the third business day after the date on which it is so mailed, (c) mailed by reputable overnight courier and receipted for by the party to whom said notice or other communication shall have been directed or (d) sent by facsimile transmission, with receipt of oral confirmation that such transmission has been received: (a) If to the Director, at the address the Director shall provide to the Company -15- (b) If to the Corporations to Nalco Holding Company 1601 W. Diehl Road Naperville, Illinois 60563 Attn: General Counsel Fax: 630-305-2840 __clusterTitleType__4 
 __clusterTitleType__17 
 Each Obligor makes each of the representations and warranties to and for the benefit of the Finance Parties on the date hereof and on the First Amendment Effective Date as set out in the following provisions of this clause 6 and acknowledges that each Finance Party has agreed to the amendments effected by this Amendment Agreement in full reliance on those representations and warranties: 6.1 Status (a)It and each of its Subsidiaries which is a member of the European Group is a company with limited liability (with the exception of Tyax which is a socit en nom collectif), duly incorporated and validly existing under the law of its jurisdiction of incorporation.  (b)It and each of its Subsidiaries which is a member of the European Group has the power to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted.  6.2 Binding obligations Subject to the Legal Reservations, the obligations expressed to be assumed by it in this Amendment Agreement are legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligations. 6.3 Non-conflict with other obligations The entry into and performance by it of, and the transactions contemplated by, the Amendment Agreement does not and will not conflict with: (a)any law or regulation applicable to it;  (b)its constitutional documents and the constitutional documents of any member of the Group; or  (c)any agreement (including for the avoidance of doubt the 2009 ABL Agreement, the Senior Notes and the Rhne Financing Documents) or instrument binding upon it or any of its Subsidiaries or any of its or any of its Subsidiaries assets or constitute a default or termination event (however described) under any such agreement or instrument.  6.4 Power and authority It has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken, or will have taken prior to the relevant time, all necessary action to authorise its entry into, performance and delivery of, the Amendment Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the Amendment Agreement. 6.5 Validity and admissibility in evidence All Authorisations required or desirable: (a)to enable it lawfully to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its obligations in the Amendment Agreement; and  - 7 - (b)to make the Amendment Agreement admissible in evidence in its Relevant Jurisdictions, have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect.  6.6 Governing law and enforcement (a) The choice of governing law of the Amendment Agreement will be recognised and enforced in its Relevant Jurisdictions. (b) Any judgment obtained in relation to the Amendment Agreement in France will be recognised and enforced in its Relevant Jurisdictions. __clusterTitleType__11 
  (a) Grantors jointly and severally agree to indemnify Secured Party and each Lender from and against any and all claims, losses and liabilities in any way relating to, growing out of or resulting from this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby (including, without limitation, enforcement of this Agreement), except to the extent such claims, losses or liabilities result solely from Secured Partys or such Lenders gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction (b) Grantors jointly and severally agree to pay to Secured Party upon demand the amount of any and all costs and expenses in accordance with subsection 7. (c) The obligations of Grantors in this Section 17 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the discharge of Grantors other obligations under this Agreement, the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents. __clusterTitleType__17 
 . The headings of sections and paragraphs herein are included solely for convenience of reference and shall not control the meaning or interpretation of any of the provisions of this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
 (a) The Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement and assumes the obligations imposed on it hereby in order to induce Indemnitee to serve as an officer or director of the Company, and the Company acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying upon this Agreement in serving as an officer or director of the Company. (b) This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral, written and implied, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. __clusterTitleType__17 
 a.Each Guarantor hereby acknowledges that it has reviewed the terms and provisions of the Credit Agreement and this Amendment and consents to the amendment of the Credit Agreement effected pursuant to this Amendment.  Each Guarantor hereby confirms that each Loan Document to which it is a party (including, without limitation, the Guaranty) will continue to guarantee the payment and performance of all obligations of the Borrower under the Credit Agreement as amended by this Amendment. b.Each Guarantor acknowledges and agrees that any of the Loan Documents to which it is a party or otherwise bound (including, without limitation, the Guaranty) shall continue in full force and effect and that all of its obligations thereunder shall be valid and enforceable and shall not be impaired or limited by the execution or effectiveness of this Amendment.  c.Each Guarantor acknowledges and agrees that nothing in the Credit Agreement, this Amendment or any other Loan Document shall be deemed to require the consent of such Guarantor to this Amendment or any future amendments to the Credit Agreement.  __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which shall constitute one and the same agreement. __clusterTitleType__10 
 Indemnitee agrees promptly to notify Willis US in writing upon being served with any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating to any Proceeding or matter which may be subject to indemnification or advancement of Expenses covered hereunder. The failure of Indemnitee to so notify Willis US shall not relieve Willis US of any obligation which it may have to the Indemnitee under this Agreement or otherwise. __clusterTitleType__17 
  Prior to the Closing, Target shall furnish IDEH with the audited consolidated financial statements (including, in each case, any related notes thereto) of Target for the three years ended December 31, 2008 (the Target Financials). The Target Financials, once provided by Target to IDEH, shall be incorporated herein as part of this Agreement as Schedule 7.2. The Target Financials shall, (i) be in a format that complies as to form in all material respects with the published rules and regulations of the U.S Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) with respect thereto, (ii) be prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles of the United States (GAAP) applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods involved (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto) and (iii) fairly present the consolidated financial position of Target and its Subsidiaries at the respective dates thereof and the consolidated results of its operations and cash flows for the periods indicated. The balance sheet of Target as of December 31, 2008, is herein referred to as the Target Balance Sheet. __clusterTitleType__17 
 No agreement to accept a surrender of the Demised Premises shall be valid unless in writing signed by Landlord. The delivery of keys to any employee of Landlord or of Landlord's agents shall not operate as a termination of the Lease or a surrender of the Demised Premises. The failure of Landlord to seek regress for violation of, or to insist upon the strict performance of, any covenant or condition of this Lease, or of any rule or regulation, shall not prevent a subsequent act, which would have originally constituted a violation, from having all the force and effect of an original violation. The receipt by Landlord of Annual Base Rent or additional charges due hereunder, if any, with knowledge of the breach of any covenant of this Lease shall not be deemed a waiver of such breach. No provision of this Lease shall be deemed to have been waived by Landlord, unless such waiver be in writing signed by Landlord. No payment by Tenant or receipt by Landlord of a lesser amount than the Annual Base Rent or additional charges due hereunder, if any, herein stipulated shall be deemed to be other than on account of the earliest stipulated Annual Base Rent or additional charge hereunder, nor shall any endorsement or statement on any check nor any letter accompanying any check or payment as Annual Base Rent be deemed an accord and satisfaction, and Landlord may accept such check or payment without prejudice to Landlord's right to recover the balance of such Annual Base Rent or additional charge hereunder or pursue any other remedy in this Lease provided. This Lease contains the entire agreement between the parties, and any agreement hereafter made shall be ineffective to change, modify, or discharge it in whole or in part, unless such agreement is in writing and signed by the party against whom enforcement of the change, modification or discharge is sought. Boomerange Lease 4.13.09 Page 23 of 35 __clusterTitleType__17 
 Consummation of the reinsurance contemplated by this Assumption Reinsurance Agreement with respect to any Policy is subject to and contingent upon receipt by the Reinsurer of all Required Assumption Approvals with respect to each Policy. The Reinsurer shall be responsible for obtaining all Required Assumption Approvals. Each party shall use its best efforts to assist the other party in obtaining the Required Assumption Approvals. __clusterTitleType__17 
  The Parties agree to promptly execute documents reasonably required to perform the provisions and the aim of this Agreement or documents beneficial to it, and to take actions reasonably required to perform the provisions and the aim of this Agreement or actions beneficial to it. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Depositary may perform its obligations under this Deposit Agreement through any agent appointed by it, provided that the Depositary shall notify the Company of such appointment and shall remain responsible for the performance of such obligations as if no agent were appointed, subject to paragraph (14) of the form of ADR. 5 __clusterTitleType__17 
 Flat rate of $20,000 for incidentals associated with the move. __clusterTitleType__17 
 3.1In the event that the Executive is terminated without Cause or as a result of a Change in Control, the Company shall pay to the Executive or his nominee for the services to be rendered by the Executive hereunder, compensation as set forth in Section 3.2 below if, as and when the Company sells certain securities it owns of The Saint James Company (such securities in the form of shares of common stock, together with shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of a convertible promissory note from The Saint James Company shall be referred to herein as the STJC Shares). 2 3.2If the Executive qualifies for compensation as provided in Section 3.1 above, such compensation shall be paid subject to the following (see Appendix A as a reference): (a) Executive or his nominee will receive no compensation from the sale of the STJC Shares at eighty cents ($0.80) per share or less; (b) Executive or his nominee will receive compensation equal to Twenty-Five percent (25%) of the amount from sales of STJC Shares at prices in excess of $0.80 up to $1.50 per share; (c) Executive or his nominee will receive compensation equal to Thirty percent (30%) of the amount from sales of STJC Shares at prices in excess of $1.50 up to $3.00 per share: and (d) Executive or his nominee will receive compensation equal to Thirty-Five percent (35%) of the amount from sales of STJC Shares exceeding $3.00 per share. 3.3 Any compensation paid hereunder shall be payable upon receipt by the Company of the proceeds from the sale of the STJC Shares, subject to applicable withholding and other taxes. 3.4 The Executive agrees that no compensation or remuneration, other than that set forth on Section 3 hereof, shall be due or payable to the Executive or his nominee, either for past, present or future services. 3.5 The Executive shall not be entitled to any compensation if the Board determines that the Executive is terminated for Cause. __clusterTitleType__5 
 Executive will be eligible for all customary and usual fringe benefits generally available to executives of Company subject to the terms and conditions of Companys benefit plan documents. Company reserves the right to change or eliminate the fringe benefits on a prospective basis, at any time, effective upon notice to Executive. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The parties to this Subscription Agreement hereby waive any right that they may otherwise have to a trial by jury in any suit, action, or proceeding that arises out of or relates to this Subscription Agreement, any amendments to or any replacements of this Subscription Agreement, and any transactions or agreements relating to this Subscription Agreement. The parties understand that, as a result of this waiver, the facts relating to any dispute that is covered by this waiver will be tried, if necessary, to a judge rather than to a jury. __clusterTitleType__8 
 __clusterTitleType__1 
 (a)Transfer of Warrant. If this Warrant is to be transferred, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company, whereupon the Company will forthwith issue and deliver upon the order of the Holder a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 7(d)), registered as the Holder may request, representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares being transferred by the Holder and, if less then the total number of Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant is being transferred, a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 7(d)) to the Holder representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares not being transferred. (b)Lost, Stolen or Mutilated Warrant. Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant, and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of any indemnification undertaking by the Holder to the Company in customary form and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of this Warrant, the Company shall execute and deliver to the Holder a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 7(d)) representing the right to purchase the Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant. (c)Exchangeable for Multiple Warrants. This Warrant is exchangeable, upon the surrender hereof by the Holder at the principal office of the Company, for a new Warrant or Warrants (in accordance with Section 7(d)) representing in the aggregate the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant, and each such new Warrant will represent the right to purchase such portion of such Warrant Shares as is designated by the Holder at the time of such surrender; provided, however, that no Warrants for fractional Common Shares shall be given. 7 (d)Issuance of New Warrants. Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Warrant pursuant to the terms of this Warrant, such new Warrant (i) shall be of like tenor with this Warrant, (ii) shall represent, as indicated on the face of such new Warrant, the right to purchase the Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant (or in the case of a new Warrant being issued pursuant to Section 7(a) or Section 7(c), the Warrant Shares designated by the Holder which, when added to the number of Common Shares underlying the other new Warrants issued in connection with such issuance, does not exceed the number of Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant), (iii) shall have an Exchange Date, as indicated on the face of such new Warrant which is the same as the Exchange Date, (iv) shall have an Issuance Date, as indicated on the face of such new Warrant which is the same as the Issuance Date, and (v) shall have the same rights and conditions as this Warrant. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Marketer shall strictly comply with all applicable rules and regulations of terminals and facilities at which Marketer receives motor fuel from CITGO. Marketer shall ensure that all trucks, tankers and lines are clean and ready to receive CITGOs motor fuel, so that said fuel is not mixed, blended or adulterated with any other substance or product. CITGO or the terminal operator may refuse to make delivery into any vehicle which, in the sole judgment of CITGO or the terminal operator, is unsafe or inadequate. Marketer agrees to provide such proof of insurance as required by CITGO covering Marketers liability for any negligent or willful acts it commits in connection with the loading, transporting and delivery of products. Title and risk of loss on all products covered by this Agreement shall pass to Marketer at the time and place of delivery. Time and place of delivery shall be when and at the point that products pass connections between the terminals truck rack or pipeline flange and Marketer or its agents receiving connections, transport trucks, tank cars, or vessels. All demurrage is Marketers responsibility. __clusterTitleType__17 
 __clusterTitleType__17 
 Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined herein), the Pledgee shall be entitled to vote the Pledged Shares, to receive dividends and other distributions thereon, and to enjoy all other rights and privileges incident to the ownership of the Pledged Shares. __clusterTitleType__17 
  The Parties acknowledge and confirm any oral or written materials exchanged by the Parties in connection with this Agreement are confidential. The Parties shall maintain the secrecy and confidentiality of all such materials. Without the written approval by the other Parties, any Party shall not disclose to any third party any relevant materials, but the following circumstances shall be excluded: a.The materials that is known or may be known by the general public (but not include the materials disclosed by each party receiving the materials);  b.The materials required to be disclosed subject to the applicable laws or the rules or provisions of stock exchange; or  c.The materials disclosed by each Party to its legal or financial consultant relating the transaction of this Agreement, and this legal or financial consultant shall comply with the confidentiality set forth in this Section.  The disclosure of the confidential materials by staff or employed institution of any Party shall be deemed as the disclosure of such materials by such Party, and such Party shall bear the liabilities for breaching the contract. This clause shall survive whatever this Agreement is invalid, amended, revoked, terminated or unable to implement by any reason. 16 __clusterTitleType__17 
 This St. Paul Software, Inc. 1999 Equity Incentive Plan adopted on this 12th day of May, 1999, is intended to enable officers and other key employees and consultants of the Company and its Subsidiaries to acquire or increase their ownership of common stock of the Company on reasonable terms. The opportunity so provided is intended to foster in participants an incentive to put forth maximum effort for the continued success and growth of the Company and its Subsidiaries, to aid in retaining individuals who put forth such efforts, and to assist in attracting the best available individuals to the Company and its Subsidiaries in the future. __clusterTitleType__17 
 7A. Overdraft Limit 1. Any overdraft must operate within an authorized credit limit 2.A Where an overdraft fails to meet the above requirement the interest rate is revised and a higher rate will be charged once for that 12 month period retrospectively. The higher rate will consist of the then applicable interest rate plus 0.5% per annum of the average full overdraft balance which is applied at the following quarters interest posting. The above- mentioned rate may at any time and from time to time be changed by the Bank at its absolute discretion subject to prior approval of the relevant regulatory authority. 3. Any and all amounts owing by the Borrower to the Bank from time to time under any overdraft facility whether listed in the Offer Letter or not shall be repayable on the Banks demand at any time and the Bank shall be entitled to cancel its commitment to lend to the Borrower or to honour an instruction of the Borrower in relation to any such overdraft facility by such demand 7B. Interest Set Off Should the Bank agree to a formal set off arrangement for interest purposes between two or more current accounts, a 1% per annum charge (unless otherwise specified) is payable on the current account balances set off. Interest set off is charged to the Borrowers account and payable at the same time and in the same manner as the normal interest charge. 7C. Referral Item Fees Any debit or cheques that cause an account to exceed its approved limit is/are subject to a referral item fee of 4.63 (currently) per item. __clusterTitleType__17 
 A. We agree that Company and Company employees, consultants, clients, customers and vendors are valuable assets and are difficult to replace. While the provisions of this Agreement are in effect and for a period of 24 months after termination, Employee agrees that Employee will not directly or indirectly solicit services or employment or in any manner persuade any employees, consultants, vendors or customers of Company or its parent company from discontinuing that person or entitys relationship with the Company as an employee, contractor, vendor or customer. B. Employee also agrees that while the provisions of this Agreement are in effect and for the 12 month period thereafter, Employee will not make any disparaging comments about, the Company, or former employee, and contractor, officer, manger, director of such entities or services or products of such entities. D. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Employee may own, directly or in directly, solely as an investment, up to five percent (5%) of any class of Publicly Traded Securities of any person or entity which owns a competitive business. For the purposes of this Agreement, the term "Publicly Traded Securities" shall mean securities that are traded on a national securities exchange or listed on the National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotation System 7 of 11 E. Non-disparagement. The Parties acknowledge the importance of maintaining the privacy of Company and all individuals who have, will have or have had any relationship with such organizations as a current or former employee, independent contractor, officer or director or manager of such entities (the Privacy Group). For a period of 24 months after Termination, Employee with not disparagement the Privacy Group in in connection with interviews, books and articles appearing in media, or participation on a reality television show where any details other than the length of Employees employment and job title are discussed. Employee agrees to pay all actual damages as well as all costs Company may incur without limitation in connection with any investigation related to Employees violation of this provision if Employee violates this provision of this Agreement . Moreover, we both agree that the limitations and restrictions contained in this subparagraph are part of the bargained for exchange and are reflected in the consideration of both us under this Agreement. F. This Paragraph will survive termination of this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns, including, without the need for an express assignment or any consent by the Company or the Operating Partnership thereto, subsequent Holders of Registrable Securities, and the indemnified persons referred to in Section 5 hereof. The Company and the Operating Partnership hereby agree to 12 extend the benefits of this Agreement to any Holder of Registrable Securities, and any such Holder may specifically enforce the provisions of this Agreement as if an original party hereto. __clusterTitleType__20 
 Either party may terminate this Agreement upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to the other party. Agency agrees to return all Accounts including accounts who have made payment plan arrangements to Debt Owner along with a financial record of the Accounts including amount collected, commission retained, additional fees, interest and charges added to the Account as authorized by Debt Owner, current address and phone number, current status code and what the status code means. __clusterTitleType__5 
 This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, USA, excluding that body of law relating to conflicts of laws. __clusterTitleType__7 
 __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Company covenants that during the term this Warrant is exercisable, the Company will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock/Preferred Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of Common Stock/Preferred Stock upon the exercise of this Warrant and, from time to time, will take all steps necessary to amend its Articles of Incorporation (the "Articles") to provide sufficient reserves of shares of Common Stock/Preferred Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrant. The Company further covenants that all shares that may be issued upon the exercise of rights represented by this Warrant, upon exercise of the rights represented by this Warrant and payment of the Exercise Price, all as set forth herein, will be free from all taxes, liens and charges in respect of the issues thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously or otherwise specified herein). The Company agrees that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of executing stock certificates to execute and issue the necessary certificates for shares of Common Stock/Preferred Stock upon the exercise of this Warrant. __clusterTitleType__17 
  (a)Executive and his children shall be covered by the Emeritus Executive Benefit Plan (Plan) from January 1, 2010 through December 31, 2013.  This Plan provides full medical coverage for Executive and his dependants, $250,000 of supplemental life insurance coverage paid by Emeritus and the Top Hat/Non-Qualified deferred compensation plan with a company match of an amount equal to the amount awarded other executives under the Top Hat/Non-Qualified deferred compensation plan and ability to defer up to 25% of compensation and bonuses. Should any improvements be made to the Plan, Executive at his election is entitled to participate and Emeritus shall adjust his compensation to cover any additional costs, if any. (b)In the event of Executives death during the Term of this Agreement, his children will be entitled to coverage under COBRA for 36 months thereafter.  (c)During the Term of this Agreement, Executive shall be entitled to: (1) the Plan medical and dental insurance; (2) the Plan Life Insurance; (3) LTD Insurance; (4) Emeritus-paid parking at company headquarters; and (5) $500/month automobile allowance.  (d)At the expiration of the Term of this Agreement, if Executive elects continued coverage under COBRA for himself and/or his family, Emeritus shall pay the cost of such continued coverage for a period of eighteen (18) months.  __clusterTitleType__17 
 If any one or more provisions of this Note shall be held to be illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable, the same shall not affect any other provisions of this Note and the remaining provisions of this Note shall remain in full force and effect. Article and paragraph headings in this Note are included herein for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part of this Note for any other purpose or be given any substantive effect. __clusterTitleType__24 
 No supplement, modification, termination or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by both of the parties hereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions hereof (whether or not similar) nor shall such waiver constitute a continuing waiver. __clusterTitleType__8 
 FYE 2010 Incentive Plan Bonus Amount: Bonus amount = Salary x Incentive Level x (Financial Factor Multiplier + Personal Objective Multiplier) Note: This Incentive Plan (Plan) is not a contract that entitles you to an award if the Plan objectives for the fiscal year are met; rather, this Plan is a discretionary short term cash bonus plan administered by the Compensation and Management Development Committee of the Board of Directors (the Committee). The Committee retains the sole and absolute discretion to deny and not pay bonuses under the Plan and to reduce bonuses payable under the Plan, notwithstanding the attainment of objectives under the Plan; to increase or pay bonuses under the Plan, even if the objectives under the Plan have not been met; and to further condition, modify or amend the objectives and conditions of eligibility under the Plan. The Committee also retains the sole discretion with respect to awards to be paid, if any, in connection with separations from employment that occur during a Plan year. Examples of Individual Award for Chief Executive Officer with Salary of $100,000 and Incentive Level of 50%: Example #1: Goals achieved by employee: 1)EBIT 2) Personal Objectives = 100% Bonus amount = $100,000 x 50% x (60% + 40%) = $50,000 Example #2: Goals achieved by employee: 1)EBIT 2) Personal Objectives = 100% Bonus amount = $100,000 x 50% x (30% + 40%) = $35,000 FYE 2010 Incentive Plan Example #3: Goals achieved by employee: 1)EBIT 2) Personal Objectives = 125% Bonus amount = $100,000 x 50% x (0% + 60%) = $30,000 Example #4: Goals achieved by employee: 1)EBIT 2) Personal Objectives = 125% Bonus amount = $100,000 x 50% x (90% + 60%) = $75,000 Example #5: Goals achieved by employee: 1)EBIT 2) Personal Objectives = 100% Bonus amount = $100,000 x 50% x (78% + 40%) = $59,000 __clusterTitleType__17 
  This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original as against any party whose signature appears thereon, and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement shall become binding when one or more counterparts hereof, individually or taken together, shall bear the signatures of all of the parties reflected hereon as the signatories. Photographic copies of such signed counterparts may be used in lieu of the originals for any purpose. __clusterTitleType__10 
 This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts (including by facsimile or .pdf), each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. Only one such counterpart signed by the party against whom enforceability is sought needs to be produced to evidence the existence of this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__10 
 The Company shall pay a documentation fee to the Escrow Agent of $2,000.00 and a Closing fee of $500.00 out of the Closing. If the Escrow Agent is required to return the funds to the Investors prior to the Closing, there will be $25 fee for each wire returning the funds (it being agreed that that aggregate return wire fees shall not exceed $5,000). A $250 fee will be charged to the Company in the event that all or any portion of the Holdback Amount is required to be disbursed pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__30 
 This Agreement may be executed by facsimile signature and in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Management Incentive Agreement as of the date first above written. SPS COMMERCE, INC. EMPLOYEE By: /s/ Archie Black /s/ Archie Black Name: Archie Black Archie Black Its: CEO 5 __clusterTitleType__10 
 FURTHER, GUARANTOR HEREBY CONSENTS AND SUBJECTS GUARANTOR TO THE JURISDICTION OF COURTS OF THE STATE OF OHIO AND, WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, TO THE VENUE OF SUCH COURTS IN ANY COUNTY IN WHICH BANK IS LOCATED. __clusterTitleType__17 
 From and after the effective date of this Supplemental Indenture, the Indenture and the Notes shall be supplemented in accordance herewith, and this Supplemental Indenture shall form part of the Indenture and the Notes for all purposes, and every Holder of Notes heretofore or hereafter authenticated and delivered under the Indenture shall be bound thereby. __clusterTitleType__17 
 __clusterTitleType__16 
 During the term of Executives employment with Company and during any period Executive is receiving payments from Company, Executive must not engage in any work, paid or unpaid, that creates an actual or potential conflict of interest with Company. Such work shall include, but is not limited to, directly or indirectly competing with Company in any way, or acting as an officer, director, employee, consultant, stockholder, volunteer, lender, or agent of any business enterprise of the same nature as, or which is in direct competition with, the business in which Company is now engaged or in which Company becomes engaged during the term of Executives employment with Company, as may be determined by the Companys Chief Executive Officer in its sole discretion. If the Companys Chief Executive Officer believes such a conflict exists during the term of this Agreement, the Companys Chief Executive Officer may ask Executive to choose to discontinue the other work or resign employment with Company. If the Companys Chief Executive Officer believes such a conflict exists during any period in which Executive is receiving payments pursuant to this Agreement, the Companys Chief Executive Officer may ask Executive to choose to discontinue the other work or forfeit the remaining severance payments. In addition, Executive agrees not to refer any client or potential client of Company to competitors of Company, without obtaining Companys prior written consent, during the term of Executives employment and during any period in which Executive is receiving payments from Company pursuant to this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Plan shall become effective on the Effective Date, subject to approval by the stockholders of the Company. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Each Shareholder agrees to comply with the obligations imposed on the Companys Representatives pursuant to Section 5.3 of the Merger Agreement as if a party thereto. __clusterTitleType__17 
 all Capitalized Leases to which such Person is a party, 4 Amended and Restated Purchase Option Agreement __clusterTitleType__17 
 Effective as of the date of satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 2 below, Section 2.11(c) of the Credit Agreement is amended to add the parenthetical (provided, however, that in the case of any Net Proceeds received in connection with the Chinese Facility Sale, within three (3) Business Days after approval by the State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the Peoples Republic of China that the Company may repatriate such Net Proceeds to the United States of America) immediately after the phrase within three (3) Business Days after such net Proceeds are received by the Company or any Subsidiary appearing therein. __clusterTitleType__15 
 (a) Commencing promptly after the effective date hereof, Affiliate shall promote, market and sell the Services and its services as a distributor of television programming services within the Service Area(s) In connection therewith, Affiliate shall promote and market the Services in a similar manner as other program services that are included in the tier of television service of which the Services are a part, taking into account any additional consideration Affiliate receives from the owners of such other programming services specifically for the promotion and marketing thereof. (b) ***** __clusterTitleType__17 
 Indemnitee has agreed to serve as a director, secretary, officer or executive of the Company. Indemnitee may at any time and for any reason resign from such position (subject to any other contractual obligation or any obligation imposed by operation of law), in which event the Company shall have no obligation under this Deed to continue Indemnitee in such position. This Deed shall not be deemed an employment contract between the Company (or any of its subsidiaries or any Enterprise) and Indemnitee. The foregoing notwithstanding, this Deed shall continue in force after Indemnitee has ceased to serve in such capacity of the Company, subject to and in accordance with Section 13. __clusterTitleType__17 
 After the Stockholder Approval Date and the first anniversary of the Issue Date and if the resale of the Warrant Shares have not been registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Fair Market Value of one share of Common Stock is greater than the Exercise Price (at the date of calculation as set forth below), in lieu of exercising this Warrant for cash, the Holder may elect to receive shares equal to the value (as determined below) of this Warrant (or the portion thereof being cancelled) by surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company together with the Exercise Notice, in which event the Company shall issue to the Holder a number of shares of Common Stock computed using the following formula: X=Y (A-B) A Where X= the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued to the Holder Y= the number of shares of Common Stock purchasable under the Warrant or, if only a portion of the Warrant is being exercised, the portion of the Warrant being exercised (at the date of such calculation) A= the Fair Market Value of one share of the Companys Common Stock (at the date of such calculation) B= Exercise Price (as adjusted to the date of such calculation) __clusterTitleType__17 
 poll demanded on the election of a chairman or on a question of adjournment shall be taken forthwith . A poll demanded on any other question shall be taken at such time as the chairman of the meeting directs. VOTES OF MEMBERS __clusterTitleType__17 
  The effectiveness of the terms and provisions of Section 3.2 of this Agreement shall be subject to the receipt by Agent of each of the following, in form and substance satisfactory to Agent and Lenders: (a) an original of this Agreement, duly authorized, executed and delivered by each Borrower; and (b) an original of the Consent and Reaffirmation attached as Exhibit B hereto, duly authorized, executed and delivered by each Guarantor -10- __clusterTitleType__17 
 a. Marketer agrees to pay CITGO in accordance with such terms as CITGOs Credit Department, in its sole discretion may from time to time prescribe in writing. At the present time, CITGOs credit 3 terms are one percent (1%) Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT) ten (10) days. The failure by Marketer to pay any invoice within the terms then prescribed by CITGOs Credit Department may result in the restriction of credit, the denial of access to the petroleum terminals from which Marketer is authorized to obtain its supply of petroleum products, the withholding of any rebates, discounts or benefits from CITGO programs that may otherwise be available to Marketer and shall constitute grounds for termination and or non-renewal of this Agreement. Further, failure to make payment within payment terms authorizes the imposition of finance charges in an amount equal to the lesser of (i) the maximum amount allowed by applicable law or (ii) one and one-half percent (1.5%) per month. Marketer and its parent company, Jacobs Entertainment, Inc.,agree to provide CITGOs Credit Department with a current, audited or certified financial statement within ninety (90) days after the end of each fiscal year and such other business related information as may be requested by CITGOs Credit Department from time to time. b. At the time of execution of this Agreement and thereafter upon CITGOs request, in order to maintain a credit line, Marketer may be required to furnish CITGO with letters of credit that may be requested by CITGO. c. If Marketer fails to comply with the terms and conditions of payment and credit established by CITGO, of if CITGO has reasonable grounds for insecurity with respect to Marketers performance of any of Marketers obligations under this Agreement, then, in addition to all other rights and remedies afforded to CITGO under this Agreement and applicable law, CITGO may take such action as CITGO deems reasonable. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Party A shall make payment to Party B in accordance with the following terms. 5.1 Advance payment: the total advance payment for the first year of this Contract is RMB 200 million (RMB two hundred million) The amount of the advance payment for each following year shall be determined by both parties through friendly negotiation in the third quarter of the previous year. 5.2 After this Contract becomes effective, Party A shall remit RMB 100 million (RMB one hundred million) of the aforesaid advance payment by wire transfer to the account designated by Party B before November 30, 2007, the remaining RMB 100 million shall be remitted by wire transfer to the account designated by Party B before December 31, 2007 5.3 Payment: Party B shall supply goods according to the delivery schedule hereunder. Party A shall make payment by wire transfer to the account designated by Party B in advance according to the quantity and amount information provided by Party B. Party B shall arrange delivery upon receipt of payment. Payment for the current goods will be deducted from the advance payment item by item, until the advance payment is used up. Corresponding VAT invoice shall be provided by Party B. __clusterTitleType__17 
 No delay or failure on the part of the Company or the Optionee in the exercise of any right, power or remedy shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise by any of them of any right, power or remedy preclude other or further exercise thereof, or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy. __clusterTitleType__17 
  Except as disclosed in the Accounts Statement and Management Statement, none of the members of the Target Group has outstanding: 13.1any borrowing or indebtedness in the nature of borrowing including any bank overdrafts, liabilities under acceptances (otherwise than in respect of normal trade bills) and acceptance credits;  13.2any guarantee, indemnity or undertaking (whether or not legally binding) to procure the solvency of any person or any similar obligation; or  13.3any Encumbrance or any obligation (including a conditional obligation) to create an Encumbrance.  __clusterTitleType__17 
 8.1 Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement. Employee hereby agrees to execute the Companys Employee Invention Assignment and Confidentiality Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A. 8.2 Non-Solicitation. Employee acknowledges that because of Employees position in the Company, Employee will have access to material intellectual property and confidential information. During the Employees service and for one year thereafter, in addition to Employees other obligations hereunder or under the Companys Employee Invention Assignment and Confidentiality Agreement, Employee shall not, for Employee or any third party, directly or indirectly (i) divert or attempt to divert from the Company any business of any kind, including without limitation the solicitation of or interference with any of its customers, clients, members, business partners or suppliers, or (ii) solicit or otherwise induce a separation from service by any person employed by the Company. __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California . USA . All disputes arising from this Agreement shall be submitted to each federal and state court in the State of California. 2 __clusterTitleType__19 
  Each party and its counsel have reviewed this Agreement and the General Release and have been provided the opportunity to review this Agreement and the General Release and accordingly, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of this Agreement or the General Release. Instead, the language of all parts of this Agreement and the General Release shall be construed as a whole, and according to their fair meaning , and not strictly for or against either party. __clusterTitleType__17 
 (a) Neither Owners nor Managing Agent shall be personally liable hereunder, all such liability being limited in the case of Owners to the interest of Owners in the Managed Premises and in the case of Managing Agent, to its interest hereunder. (b) The Declarations of Trust establishing certain Owners, a copy of each, together with all amendments thereto (the "Declarations"), are duly filed with the Department of Assessments and Taxation of the State of Maryland, provide that the names of such Owners refers to the trustees under such Declarations collectively as trustees, but not individually or personally. No trustee, officer, shareholder, employee or agent of such Owners shall be held to any personal liability, jointly or severally, for any obligation of, or claim against, such Owners. All persons and entities dealing with such Owners, in any way, shall look only to the respective assets of such Owners for the payment of any sum or the performance of any obligation of such Owners. In any event, all liability of such Owners hereunder is limited to the interest of such Owners in the Managed Premises and, in the case of Managing Agent, to its interest hereunder. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The submission of this Lease to Tenant is transmitted for examination only and shall not be construed to vest in Tenant an offer to Lease, or reservation of, the Demised Premises. This Lease shall become effective only upon full (100%) execution and unconditional delivery by Landlord and Tenant. __clusterTitleType__17 
 2.1Delivery of Stock Certificates, etc. on Exercise. The Company agrees that the shares of Common Stock purchased upon exercise of this Warrant shall be deemed to be issued to the Holder as the record owner of such shares as of the close of business on the date on which both the Exercise Notice and payment have been made for such shares. As soon as practicable after the exercise of this Warrant in full or in part, and in any event within 3 business days thereafter, the Company at its expense (including the payment by it of any applicable issue taxes) will cause to be issued in the name of and delivered to the Holder, or as such Holder (upon payment by such holder of any applicable transfer taxes) may direct in compliance with applicable securities laws, a certificate or certificates for the number of duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock (or Other Securities) to which such Holder shall be entitled on such exercise. 2.2.Exercise. Payment may be made either in cash or by certified or official bank check payable to the order of the Company equal to the applicable aggregate Exercise Price for the number of Common Shares specified in the Exercise Notice (as such exercise number may be adjusted to reflect any adjustment in the total number of shares of Common Stock issuable to the Holder per the terms of this Warrant) and the Holder shall thereupon be entitled to receive the number of duly authorized, validly issued, fully-paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock (or Other Securities) determined as provided herein. __clusterTitleType__17 
 A. de C.V. to Mexus Gold U.S. closing of the Option Period will commence. Mexus Gold U.S. agrees to issue to Mexus Gold Mining, S.A. de C.V. twenty million restricted shares of the Companys common stock in exchange for ninety-nine percent of the issued and outstanding shares of Mexus Gold Mining, S.A. de C.V. If this letter describes your understanding of our agreement please indicate your approval by signing in the space provided below and return one copy of this letter to us. Sincerely, Mexus Gold U.S. /s/ Paul D. Thompson Paul D. Thompson, Chairman of the Board of Directors Agreed to and accepted this 20th day of October, 2009: Mexus Gold Mining, S.A. de C.V. /s/ Paul D. Thompson Paul D. Thompson, Authorized Representative Agreed to and accepted this 20th day of October, 2009: Mexus Mineral Exploration U.S. /s/ Paul D. Thompson Paul D. Thompson, Authorized Representative __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Lender, without notice to the Guarantors, shall have the right to deal in any manner it shall see fit with any Indebtedness (including the Obligations) of the Borrower to the Lender and with any security or guaranty for such Indebtedness, and, without limiting the foregoing, may accept partial payments on account of any Indebtedness or obligation of the Borrower (including the Obligations), and may grant extensions or renewals of all or any part of any such Indebtedness, and may, at any time and from time to time, release all or any part of the security or guaranty for, and demand or receive additional security or guaranty for, any such Indebtedness or obligation of the Borrower. __clusterTitleType__17 
 7.1 This Agreement shall take effect on the date of execution of this Agreement and shall remain in full force and effect unless terminated pursuant to Clause 7.2. 7.2 This Agreement may be terminated: 7.2.1 by either Party giving written notice to the other Party if the other Party has committed a material breach of this Agreement (including but not limited to the failure by Party B to pay the Consulting Services Fee) and such breach, if capable of remedy, has not been so remedied within, in the case of breach of a non-financial obligation, 14 days, following receipt of such written notice; 7.2.2 either Party giving written notice to the other Party if the other Party becomes bankruptcy or insolvent or is the subject of proceedings or arrangements for liquidation or dissolution or ceases to carry on business or becomes unable to pay its debts as they come due; 7.2.3 by either Party giving written notice to the other Party if, for any reason, the operations of Party A are terminated; 17 7.2.4 by either Party giving written notice to the other Party if the business licence or any other license or approval material for the business operations of Party B is terminated, cancelled or revoked; 7.2.5 by either Party giving written notice to the other Party if circumstances arise which materially and adversely affect the performance or the objectives of this Agreement; or 7.2.6 by election of Party A with or without reason. 7.3Any Party electing properly to terminate this Agreement pursuant to Clause 7.2 shall have no liability to the other Party for indemnity, compensation or damages arising solely from the exercise of such right. The expiration or termination of this Agreement shall not affect the continuing liability of Party B to pay any Consulting Services Fees already accrued or due and payable to Party A. Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement, all amounts then due and unpaid to Party A by Party B hereunder, as well as all other amounts accrued but not yet payable to Party A by Party B, shall forthwith become due and payable by Party B to Party A. __clusterTitleType__18 
  11.1The Subscriber acknowledges and agrees that all costs and expenses incurred by the Subscriber (including any fees and disbursements of any special counsel retained by the Subscriber) relating to the purchase of the Securities shall be borne by the Subscriber.  __clusterTitleType__17 
  This Note shall not be valid until an authorized signatory of the Trustee (or an authenticating agent) manually signs the certificate of authentication on the other side of this Note. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Seller agrees that in the course of the performance of this Agreement, it may be given access to, or come into possession of, confidential information of Purchaser, which information contains trade secrets, proprietary data or other confidential information (Confidential Information). Seller further agrees that Purchaser is entitled to exclusive protection against use by Seller of any such Confidential Information. Seller agrees that he will not use, duplicate or divulge to others any Confidential Information of Purchaser, as long as its confidential nature is preserved by Purchaser. It shall not be deemed a breach of this Agreement if by means other than Sellers intentional disclosure, such Confidential Information becomes known or accessible to the public or competitors of Purchaser or if Seller is compelled by judicial or administrative proceedings to disclose Confidential Information. The obligations of this paragraph 9 shall survive termination of this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
  Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement, the Corporations shall not be obligated under this Agreement to make any indemnity payment or provide any reimbursement of Expenses in connection with any claim made against the Director: (a) for which payment has actually been made to or on behalf of the Director (i) by the Company or one of the Finance Subsidiaries or (ii) under any insurance policy or other indemnity provision, except with respect to any excess beyond the amount paid under any insurance policy or other indemnity provision; or -3- (b) for (i) an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) by the Director of securities of the Corporations within the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act or similar provisions of state statutory law or common law, or (ii) any reimbursement of the Corporations by the Director of any bonus or other incentive-based or equity-based compensation or of any profits realized by the Director from the sale of securities of any of the Corporations, as required in each case under the Exchange Act (including any such reimbursements that arise from an accounting restatement of the Corporations pursuant to Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, or the payment to any of the Corporations of profits arising from the purchase and sale by the Director of securities in violation of Section 306 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act); or (c) except as provided in Section 4(b) of this Agreement with respect to an action, suit or proceeding brought to establish or enforce the Directors right to indemnification, initiated by the Director, any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by the Director against the Corporations or their directors, officers, employees or other Directors, unless (i) the Board authorized the Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) prior to its initiation or (ii) the Corporations provide the indemnification, in their sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Corporations under applicable law. This Section 3(c) shall not apply to counterclaims or affirmative defenses asserted by the Director in any Proceeding brought against the Director. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Any payments made under Section 1(a) above shall be in addition to, and not in lieu of, any payments (if any) that may become due to Employee under any existing or future executive management bonus or severance program of the Company or any agreements in respect thereof. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Upon execution by you, this Agreement shall be effective from and as of the Distribution Date. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Trustee makes no representation or warranty as to the validity or sufficiency of this First Supplemental Indenture. The recitals and the statements herein are deemed to be those of the Company and not of the Trustee. __clusterTitleType__17 
 No party to this Escrow Agreement shall grant a security interest in any monies or other property deposited with the Escrow Agent under this Escrow Agreement, or otherwise create a lien, encumbrance or other claim against such monies or borrow against the same. __clusterTitleType__17 
 If for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court it is necessary to convert a sum due hereunder into any currency other than U.S. dollars, the parties hereto agree, to the fullest extent that they may effectively do so, that the rate of exchange used shall be the rate at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Placement Agents could purchase U.S. dollars with such other currency in The City of New York on the business day preceding that on which final judgment is given. The obligations of the Company in respect of any sum due from it to any Placement Agent shall, notwithstanding any judgment in any currency other than U.S. dollars, not be discharged until the first business day, following receipt by such Placement Agent of any sum adjudged to be so due in such other currency, on which (and only to the extent that) such Placement Agent may in accordance with normal banking procedures purchase U.S. dollars with such other currency; if the U.S. dollars so purchased are less than the sum originally due to such Placement Agent hereunder, the Company agrees, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify such Placement Agent against such loss. If the U.S. dollars so purchased are greater than the sum originally due to such Placement Agent hereunder, such Placement Agent agrees to pay to the Company an amount equal to the excess of the U.S. dollars so purchased over the sum originally due to such Placement Agent hereunder. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The section headings used herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof. __clusterTitleType__24 
 i. San and RS agree that litigation is time consuming, costly, and generally unproductive for each party. Should a decision from mandatory arbitration as specified in clause 8 above be appealed by either party, SAN and RS understand and accept that this Agreement shall be construed by, provided venue, and enforced in accordance with the laws of the home state of the defendant in any action and the defendants choice of county and district as well. ii. SAN and RS agree that any claim between the parties cannot exceed the face value of actual assets provided and received. SAN is providing shares of its common stock to RS which cannot be sold for six months after issuance and RS is providing Consulting to SAN for 12 months from the date of this agreement. For the purposes of SANs accounting, the value of its shares, issued under this agreement is determined based on the date of this agreement, which is December 31, 2009. __clusterTitleType__7 
 33 __clusterTitleType__8 
 The Plan shall become effective upon approval by the stockholders of the Company. __clusterTitleType__17 
 a.Subject to compliance with the federal and state securities laws, the Company shall register the transfer of any portion of this Warrant in the Warrant Register, upon surrender of this Warrant with the Form of Assignment attached hereto duly completed and signed, to the Company at the office specified in or pursuant to Section 13. Upon any such registration or transfer, a new warrant to purchase Common Stock, in substantially the form of this Warrant (any such new warrant, a New Warrant), evidencing the portion of this Warrant so transferred shall be issued to the transferee and a New Warrant evidencing the remaining portion of this Warrant not so transferred, if any, shall be issued to the transferring Warrant Holder. The acceptance of the New Warrant by the transferee thereof shall be deemed the acceptance of such transferee of all of the rights and obligations of a Warrant Holder of a Warrant. b.This Warrant is exchangeable, upon the surrender hereof by the Warrant Holder to the office of the Company specified in or pursuant to Section 13 for one or more New Warrants, evidencing in the aggregate the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares which may then be purchased hereunder. Any such New Warrant will be dated the date of such exchange. __clusterTitleType__23 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms defined in this paragraph 1 shall have, for all purposes of this resolution, the meanings herein specified. Board of Directors. The term "Board of Directors" shall mean the Board of Directors of this Corporation and, to the extent permitted by law, any committee of such Board of Directors authorized to exercise the powers of such Board of Directors. Common Stock. The term "Common Stock" shall mean all shares now or hereafter authorized of any class of common stock of this Corporation and any other stock of this Corporation, howsoever designated, authorized after the Issue Date, which has the right (subject always to prior rights of any class or series of preferred shares) to participate in the distribution of the assets and earnings of this Corporation without limit as to per share amount. 1 Issue Date. The term "Issue Date" shall mean the date that each share of Preferred Stock is issued to a holder by the Corporation. Junior Stock. The term "Junior Stock" shall mean Common Stock, and any other class or series of stock of the Corporation authorized after the Issue Date not entitled to receive any assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation until the Series A Preferred Stock shall have received the entire amount to which such stock is entitled upon such liquidation, dissolution or winding up. Liquidation Price. The term "Liquidation Price" shall mean Two Dollars and 60/100 ($2.60) per share of Series A Preferred Stock. Parity Stock. The term "Parity Stock" shall mean any class or series of stock of the Corporation authorized after the Issue Date entitled to receive payment of dividends on a parity with the Series A Preferred Stock and, for purposes of paragraph 3 below, shall also mean any class or series of stock of the Corporation authorized after the Issue Date entitled to receive assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation on a parity with the Series A Preferred Stock. Senior Stock. The term "Senior Stock" shall mean any class or series of stock of the Corporation authorized after the Issue Date ranking senior to the Series A Preferred Stock in respect of the right to receive payment of dividends, and for purposes of paragraph 3 below, shall also mean any class or series of stock of the Corporation authorized after the Issue Date ranking senior to the Series A Preferred Stock in respect of the right to participate in any distribution upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation. __clusterTitleType__3 
 It shall be a condition to the vesting of any Restricted Stock Units, the payment of cash hereunder, or the issuance of shares of Common Stock hereunder, as the case may be, that the Employee shall pay, or make provisions for payment of, all income, employment or other tax (or similar) and social security (or similar) withholding requirements in a manner that is satisfactory to the Company for the payment thereof. __clusterTitleType__2 
 6.1Cause. Cause will exist if Sionix terminates Executives employment for any of the following reasons, as determined by unanimous decision of those members of the Board other than Executive: (a) Executive willfully fails to substantially perform his duties or willfully acts in a manner contrary to direction from the Board of Directors, and such willful failure or action is not remedied within ten (10) business days after written notice from the the Board of Directors, which written notice shall state that failure to remedy such conduct may result in an involuntary termination for Cause; (b) Executive engages in willful and serious misconduct that causes material injury to Sionix; or (c) Executive is convicted of or enters a plea of guilty or nolo contendere to a felony. 6.2Good Reason. Good Reason means: (a) a decrease in Executives base salary (other than as part of a cost-cutting effort that proportionately affects other senior executive officers and is unanimously approved by the Board of Directors, including Executive); or (b) loss of the title of Chief Executive Officer. __clusterTitleType__3 
 Section 7(a) of the Rights Agreement is hereby amended by deleting such Section 7(a) in its entirety and replacing it with the following: (a) Subject to Section 7(e) and Section 27 hereof, the registered holder of any Rights Certificate may exercise the Rights evidenced thereby (except as otherwise provided herein including, without limitation, the restrictions on exercisability set forth in Section 9(c), Section 11(a)(iii) and Section 23(a) hereof) in whole or in part at any time after the Distribution Date upon surrender of the Rights Certificate, with the form of election to purchase and the certificate on the reverse side thereof duly executed, to the Rights Agent at the principal office or offices of the Rights Agent designated for such purpose, together with payment of the aggregate Purchase Price with respect to the total number of one one-thousandth of a share of Preferred Stock (or other securities, cash or other assets, as the case may be) as to which such surrendered Rights are then exercisable, at or prior to the earliest of (i) the close of business on July 31, 2019 (the Final Expiration Date), (ii) the time at which the Rights are redeemed as provided in Section 23 hereof, (iii) the time at which all of the Rights (other than Rights that have become void pursuant to the provisions of Section 7(e) hereof) are exchanged for Common Stock or other assets or securities as provided in Section 27 hereof, (iv) the close of business on the effective date of the repeal of Section 382 or any successor statute if the Board of Directors of the Company determines that this Agreement is no longer necessary or desirable for the preservation of Tax Benefits, (v) the close of business on the first day of a taxable year of the Company to which the Board of Directors of the Company determines that no Tax Benefits may be carried forward, (vi) the first anniversary of adoption of the Agreement if shareholder approval of the Agreement has not been received by or on such date, or (vii) at 9 A.M. (Eastern Time) on January 7, 2010 (the earliest of (i) and (ii) and (iii) and (iv) and (v) and (vi) and (vii) being herein referred to as the Expiration Date). __clusterTitleType__17 
  __clusterTitleType__17 
 All pronouns and any variations thereof used herein shall be deemed to refer to the masculine, feminine, neuter, singular or plural as the identity of the person or persons referred to may require. 19 __clusterTitleType__17 
 __clusterTitleType__17 
 Willis US shall advance, to the extent not expressly prohibited by law, the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any Proceeding, and such advancement shall be made within five days after the receipt by Willis US of a statement or statements requesting such advances (which shall include invoices received by Indemnitee in connection with such Expenses but, in the case of invoices in connection with legal services, any references to legal work performed or to expenditures made that would cause Indemnitee to waive any privilege accorded by law shall not be included with the invoice) from time to time, whether prior to or after final disposition of any Proceeding. Advances shall be unsecured and interest free. Advances shall be made without regard to Indemnitees ability to repay the expenses and without regard to Indemnitees ultimate entitlement to indemnification under the other provisions of this Agreement. Advances shall include any and all reasonable Expenses incurred pursuing an action to enforce this right of advancement and to enforce Indemnitees rights generally under this Agreement, including Expenses incurred preparing and forwarding statements to Willis US to support the advances claimed. The Indemnitee shall qualify for advances upon the execution 4 and delivery to Willis US of this Agreement which shall constitute an undertaking providing that the Indemnitee undertakes to the extent required by law to repay the advance of Expenses if and to the extent that it is ultimately determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final judgment, not subject to appeal, or other competent authority or arbitrator that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by Willis US. This Section 9 shall not apply to any claim made by Indemnitee for which indemnity is excluded pursuant to Section 8 following the ultimate determination by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final judgment, not subject to appeal, or other competent authority or arbitrator. The right to advances under this paragraph shall in all events continue until final disposition of any Proceeding, including any appeal therein. For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions of Section 11 shall not apply to advancement of Expenses as contemplated by this Section 9. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The laws of the State of New Jersey where the Office Park is located shall govern the validity, performance and enforcement of this Lease. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision hereof shall not affect or impair any other provision. __clusterTitleType__17 
 (a)The failure of a Party hereto at any time or times to require performance of any provision hereof shall in no manner affect its right at a later time to enforce the same. (b)No waiver by a Party of any condition or of any breach of any term, covenant, representation or warranty contained in this Agreement shall be effective unless in writing, and no waiver in any one or more instances shall be deemed to be a further or continuing waiver of any such condition or breach in other instances or a waiver of any other condition or breach of any other term, covenant, representation or warranty. 8 __clusterTitleType__17 
 __clusterTitleType__17 
 R Squared is a corporation duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the laws of the State of California, and has the corporate power and is duly authorized, qualified, franchised, and licensed under all applicable laws, regulations, ordinances, and orders of public authorities to own all of its properties and assets and to carry on its business in all material respects as it is now being conducted, and there is no jurisdiction in which it is not qualified in which the character and location of the assets owned by it or the nature of the business transacted by it requires qualification. The execution and delivery of this Agreement does not, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby will not, violate any provision of R Squareds Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws. R Squared has taken all action required by law, its Articles of Incorporation, its Bylaws, or otherwise to authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement, and R Squared has full power, authority, and legal right and has taken all action required by law, its Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws, or otherwise to consummate the transactions herein contemplated. __clusterTitleType__17 
 17.1 Nothing in this Agreement shall give either Party any rights in respect of the Intellectual Property Rights of the other Party and each Party acknowledges that it shall not acquire any of the Intellectual Property Rights of the other Party and that all such Intellectual Property Rights remain vested at all times in the respective Party. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Except as set forth in this Agreement: (a)except in the normal course of business, there has not been (i) any material adverse change in the business, operations, properties, assets, or condition of Green House; or (ii) any damage, destruction, or loss to Green House (whether or not covered by insurance) materially and adversely affecting the business, operations, properties, assets, or condition of Green House; and (b)Green House has not (i) borrowed or agreed to borrow any funds or incurred, or become subject to, any material obligation or liability (absolute or contingent) not otherwise in the ordinary course of business; (ii) paid any material obligation or liability not otherwise in the ordinary course of business (absolute or contingent) other than current liabilities reflected in or shown on the most recent Green House consolidated balance sheet, and current liabilities incurred since that date in the ordinary course of business; (iii) sold or transferred, or agreed to sell or transfer, any of its assets, properties, or rights not otherwise in the ordinary course of business; (iv) made or permitted any amendment or termination of any contract, agreement, or license to which they are a party not otherwise in the ordinary course of business if such amendment or termination is material, considering the business of Green House; or (v) issued, delivered, or agreed to issue or deliver any stock, bonds or other corporate securities including debentures (whether authorized and unissued or held as treasury stock) __clusterTitleType__17 
 Release. (a) In consideration of the agreements of Agent and Lenders contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, each Borrower and each Guarantor executing a Consent and Reaffirmation attached hereto, on behalf of itself and its successors and assigns, and its present and former members, shareholders, affiliates, subsidiaries, divisions, predecessors, directors, officers, attorneys, employees, agents, legal representatives and other representatives (each Borrower, each Guarantor and all such other Persons being hereinafter referred to collectively as the Releasing Parties and individually as a Releasing Party, hereby absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably releases, remises and forever discharges Agent, each Lender, and each of their respective successors and assigns, and their respective present and former shareholders, affiliates, subsidiaries, divisions, predecessors, directors, officers, attorneys, employees, agents, legal representatives and other representatives (Agent, Lenders and all such other Persons being hereinafter referred to collectively as the Releasees and individually as a Releasee), of and from all demands, actions, causes of action, suits, damages and any and all other claims, counterclaims, defenses, rights of set-off, demands and liabilities whatsoever (individually, a Claim and collectively, Claims) of every kind and nature, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, at law or in equity, which any Borrower or any of its successors, assigns, or other legal representatives may now or hereafter own, hold, have or claim to have against the Releasees or any of them for, upon, or by reason of any circumstance, action, cause or thing whatsoever which arises at any time on or prior to the date of this Agreement, including, without limitation, for or on account of, or in relation to, or in any way in connection with this Agreement, the Loan Agreement, any of the Loan Documents or any of the transactions hereunder or thereunder. (b) Each Borrower and each Guarantor understands, acknowledges and agrees that the release set forth above may be pleaded as a full and complete defense to any Claim and may be used as a basis for an injunction against any action, suit or other proceeding which may be instituted, prosecuted or attempted in breach of the provisions of such release (c) Each Borrower and each Guarantor agrees that no fact, event, circumstance, evidence or transaction which could now be asserted or which may hereafter be discovered shall affect in any manner the final, absolute and unconditional nature of the release set forth above. __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Agreement constitutes the final understanding and agreement between the patties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior negotiations, understandings and agicemeiHS between the parties, whether written or oral. This Agreement may be amended, supplemented or changed only by an agreement in writing signed by both of the parties. __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties respecting the subject matter hereof, and there are no other representations, warranties, agreements or commitments between the parties hereto except as set forth herein. This Agreement cancels and shall supersede and control any previous agreements between the Parties. This Agreement shall control over any and all provisions or guidelines contained in any Consultant Manual, Consultant Handbook, Company Policy Manual or other similar document. Consultant expressly acknowledges that no Consultant Manual, Consultant Handbook, Company Policy Manual or other similar document is or shall become a contract between the Company and Consultant. __clusterTitleType__6 
 7.1Holidays. The Executive shall be entitled to seven (7) paid holidays annually. The Company will notify the Executive as much in advance as practical with respect to the holiday schedule to be observed by the Company. 7.2Vacations.During the term of the Agreement, the Executive shall be entitled to three (3) weeks of paid vacation annually. The Executive agrees not to utilize vacation and/or compensatory time at a time when to do so could adversely affect the Company's business. 7.3Personal Insurance Benefits. The Executive shall be entitled to participate in all medical, dental and hospitalization, group life insurance, and any and all other such plans as are presently and hereafter provided by the Company to its executives. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Holder understands that nothing in this Agreement or any other materials presented to Holder in connection with the acquisition of the Repriced Warrants constitutes legal, tax or investment advice. Holder has consulted such legal, tax and investment advisors as it, in its sole discretion, has deemed necessary or appropriate in connection with its acquisition of the Repriced Warrants. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Employee, for and on behalf of Employee and Employees beneficiaries, executors, administrators, successors, assigns, and anyone claiming through or under any of the foregoing, agree that they will not file or otherwise submit any charge, claim, complaint, arbitration request, or action to any agency, court, organization, or judicial forum (nor will Employee permit any person, group of persons, or organization to take such action on Employees behalf) against the Company 3 of 14 Releasees arising out of any actions or non-actions on the part of Company arising before execution of this Agreement. Employee further agrees that to the extent Employee has filed any claim, complaint, charge, arbitration request or action against the Company, Employee will withdraw and dismiss the same with prejudice. Employee further agrees that in the event that any person or entity should bring such a charge, claim, complaint, or action on Employees behalf, Employee hereby waives and forfeits any right to recovery under said claim and will exercise his/her best efforts to have such claim dismissed. No provision of this Agreement, however, shall be construed to prevent Employee from filing a charge with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission or a comparable state or local agency to the extent Employee is permitted to do so by law. However, Employee expressly waives and disclaims any right to compensation or other benefit which may inure to Employee as a result of any such charge and hereby expressly agrees to provide any such benefit or pay any such compensation directly to the Company. Employee understands that the provisions of this paragraph mean that Employee cannot bring a lawsuit against the Company for any reason. __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Agreement and the other agreements referred to herein constitute the entire agreement, and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement. This Agreement is not intended to confer upon any person other than the parties any rights or remedies. __clusterTitleType__6 
 (a) Vesting Schedule. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, a number of Restricted Stock Units shall become non-forfeitable if and only if (i) the relevant Performance Condition set out in Exhibit A has been met and (ii) the Employee has remained in the continuous employment of the Company from the Grant Date through the Prescribed Date (as defined in Section 4 hereof). The number of Restricted Stock Units that shall become non-forfeitable shall be calculated in accordance with the formula set forth in Exhibit A. (b) No Accelerated Vesting. Notwithstanding Section 7(b)(2) of the Plan, the Restricted Stock Units shall not vest or become non-forfeitable upon the occurrence of an Acceleration Event unless the Committee, in its absolute discretion, determines otherwise after the Grant Date. (c) Continuous Employment. For purposes of this Agreement, the continuous employment of the Employee with the Company shall include employment with a Subsidiary Company, Parent Company or Affiliated Entity, and shall not be deemed to have been interrupted, and the Employee shall not be deemed to have ceased to be an employee of the Company by reason of the transfer of the Employees employment among the Company, a Subsidiary Company, Parent Company or Affiliated Entity. __clusterTitleType__1 
 The Company shall pay the Executive an annual salary for her services under the Agreement of $75,000 (Base Salary). The Base Salary shall be reviewed by the Compensation Committee of the Companys Board of Directors for possible adjustment annually. Such salary shall be payable semi-monthly, subject to applicable withholding and other taxes. __clusterTitleType__17 
 All covenants hereunder shall be given independent effect so that if a particular action or condition is not permitted by any of such covenants, the fact that it would be permitted by an exception to, or be otherwise within the limitations of, another covenant shall not avoid the occurrence of an Event of Default or event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become an Event of Default if such action is taken or condition exists. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The terms or conditions of this Agreement shall be deemed severable and the invalidity or unenforceability of any term or condition hereof shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the other terms and conditions set forth herein. __clusterTitleType__14 
 The holding of any provision of this Agreement to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction shall not affect any other provision of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect. __clusterTitleType__14 
 The Company hereby represents and warrants to the Purchaser that (a) it has the corporate power and authority to sell the Shares to the Purchaser, and (b) it has good and marketable title to the Shares free and clear of all security interests, liens, encumbrances or other claims. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, the Company makes no representation or warranty to the Purchaser with respect to either the Shares or the Company. __clusterTitleType__11 
  Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
 committee appointed by the Directors may meet and adjourn as it thinks proper . Questions arising at any meeting shall be determined by a majority of votes of the committee members present and in case of an equality of votes the chairman shall have a second or casting vote. __clusterTitleType__17 
 : Debtor hereby makes , constitutes and appoints Secured Party its true and lawful attorney-in-fact to act , with full power of substitution , with respect to the Collateral in any transaction , legal proceeding , or other matter in which Secured Party is acting pursuant to this Agreement , including , but not limited to , executing , authentication and/or filing on its behalf : ( i ) UCC Financing Statements reflecting the lien of Secured Party upon the Collateral and any other documents necessary or desirable to perfect or otherwise continue the security interest granted herein ; and ( ii ) any third party agreements or assignments to grant Secured Party control over the Collateral , including but not limited to , third party agreements between Debtor , Secured Party , and depository institutions , securities intermediaries , and issuers of letters of credit or other support obligations , which third party agreements direct the third party to accept direction from Secured Party regarding the maintenance and disposition of the Collateral and the products and proceeds thereof . __clusterTitleType__17 
 An Event of Default shall be deemed to have occurred under this Agreement upon an Event of Default under the Units and Debentures. __clusterTitleType__17 
 No Holder, as such, of this Note shall be entitled to vote or receive dividends or be deemed the holder of shares of the Company for any purpose, nor shall anything contained in this Note be construed to confer upon the Holder hereof, as such, any of the rights at law of a stockholder of the Company prior to the issuance to the Holder of the shares of Common Stock which the Holder is then entitled to receive upon the due conversion of this Note. __clusterTitleType__17 
  This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and together shall constitute one and the same instrument. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement for Share Exchange has been signed by the parties set forth below as of the date set forth above. DMP Holdings, Inc. Security Solutions Group, Inc. /s/ Daryl Regier /s/ Phil Viggiani Name: Daryl Regier Name: Phil Viggiani Title: Director Title: President /s/ Marc Hamilton Marc Hamilton Title: Director __clusterTitleType__10 
 If any provision of this Agreement is, or becomes, or is deemed to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any jurisdiction or as to any Person, or would disqualify this Agreement under any laws deemed applicable by the Committee, such provision shall be construed or deemed amended to conform to the applicable laws, or if it cannot be construed or deemed amended without, in the determination of the Committee, materially altering the intent of this Agreement, such provision shall be stricken as to such jurisdiction, Person, and the remainder of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 6 __clusterTitleType__14 
 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of his Corporate Status, a witness, or is made (or asked to) respond to discovery requests, in any Proceeding to which Indemnitee is not a party, he shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection therewith. __clusterTitleType__17 
 If the Conversion Shares and the Underlying Shares (collectively, the Shares) have not been otherwise registered and at any time the Maker proposes to file a registration statement, whether or not for sale for the Makers own account, on a form and in a manner that would also permit registration of shares (other than in connection with a registration statement on Forms S-4 or S-8 or any similar or successor form) the Maker shall give to Holder, written notice of such proposed filing promptly, but in any case at least twenty (20) days before the anticipated filing. The notice referred to in the preceding sentence shall offer the holder(s) holding the Shares the opportunity to register such amount of the Shares as he may request (a Piggyback Registration). Subject to this Section, the Maker will include in each such Piggyback Registration (and any related qualification under state blue sky laws and other compliance filings, and in any underwriting involved therein) that portion of the Shares with respect to which the Maker has received written requests for inclusion therein within twenty (20) days after the written notice from the Maker is given. The holders holding any portion of the Shares will be permitted to withdraw all or part of the Shares from a Piggyback Registration at any time prior to the effective date of such Piggyback Registration. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Maker will not be obligated to effect any registration of shares under this Paragraph 7 as a result of the registration of any of its securities solely in connection with mergers effected pursuant to a Form S-4 Filing. __clusterTitleType__23 
 Landlord shall pay Tenant and/or its contractors such portions of the Actual Tenant Improvement Allowance as requested when Tenant delivers to Landlord mechanic's and materialmen's lien waivers for all work and materials furnished to the leased premises and receipts evidencing that the amount sought has been incurred by Tenant for improvements to the leased premises and such improvements and materials have been furnished and installed on the leased premises. - 31 - IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Addendum to Lease as of June 28, 2000. LANDLORD: JAGAR L.L.C., a Michigan limited liability company By: /s/ Michael Roth Its: Member TENANT: PICOMETRIX, INC., a Michigan corporation By: /s/ Robin F. Risser Its: Chief Executive Officer - 32 - __clusterTitleType__17 
 4.1Base Salary. As compensation for Executives performance of Executives duties hereunder, Company shall pay to Executive an initial Base Salary of $159,500 payable in accordance with the normal payroll practices of Company, less required deductions for state and federal withholding tax, social security and all other employment taxes and payroll deductions. In the event Executives employment under this Agreement is terminated by either party, for any reason, Executive will be entitled to receive Executives Base Salary prorated to the date of termination. 4.2Incentive Compensation. Executive will be eligible to earn incentive compensation in accordance with the provisions set forth in Exhibit A. 4.3Equity Compensation.From time to time, Executive will be granted stock options to purchase shares of the Companys Common Stock at an exercise price equal to the fair market value of the stock on the date of grant. __clusterTitleType__30 
 Except for any employment agreement between you and the MSG Group or the Cablevision Group in effect as of the date of the grant hereof (as such employment agreement may be modified, renewed or replaced, provided that such modification, renewal or replacement shall not extend the time any Rights may be exercised or accelerate the vesting of any Rights beyond the time provided herein or in such original employment agreement), this Agreement and the Plan constitute the entire understanding and agreement of you and the Company with respect to the Rights covered hereby and supersede all prior understandings and agreements. In the event of a conflict among the documents with respect to the terms and conditions of the Rights covered hereby, the documents will be accorded the following order of authority: the terms and conditions of the Plan will have highest authority followed by the terms and conditions of your employment agreement, if any, followed by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__6 
 This Agreement, including the attached quote, constitutes the entire agreement between both parties concerning this transaction, and replaces all previous communications, representations, understandings, and agreements, whether verbal or written, between the parties to this Agreement or their representatives. No representations or statements of any kind made by either party, that are not expressly stated in this Agreement, shall be binding on such parties. __clusterTitleType__6 
 Agency shall be accountable for all monies collected on each Account. Agency shall hold such monies in Agencys trust account for the benefit of Debt Owner. Agency shall submit a bi-weekly progress report advising who has paid and how many promise to pays and postdated checks are in house to date. The report will have PCM account number listed on it. The Agency shall submit a monthly remittance report to Debt Owner listing each account on which a collection was made and the gross amount collected for each Account and the PCM account number for each account money was collected on. Net amounts shall be included in a bank wire to Debt Owner in an amount equal to the sum of all monies collected during the month less the Agencys fee. The monthly remittance is to be received by Debt Owner on or before the First (1st) day of the month for the previous months collections unless the First day falls on a Saturday, Sunday or Holiday in which case it will be due on the Monday after the weekend or Holiday. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Licenses . Within four weeks after the execution of this Agreement, IDEH shall furnish Target with Schedule 7.6, setting forth any and all Licenses of IDEH. Once provided, such Schedule 7.6 shall be incorporated as a part of this Agreement. At or prior to the Closing, IDEH shall transfer all Licenses to New Co. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Within ten (10) days after request therefor by Landlord, Tenant agrees to deliver in recordable form a certification to any proposed mortgagee, trustee or purchaser, certifying that this Lease is (i) in full force and effect, (ii) it has not been assigned and is unmodified, (iii) or if modified that it is in full force and effect setting forth the modifications, (iv) that there are no defenses or offsets thereto, or stating those claimed by Tenant, (v) the dates to which Annual Base Rent other charges have been paid, (vi) the commencement and termination dates and (vii) the amount of security deposited. It is intended that any such statement delivered pursuant to this Article may be relied upon by a prospective purchaser of Landlord's interest or mortgagee of Landlord's interest or assignee of any mortgage of Landlord's interest. Failure of tenant to comply with the provisions of this Article 30 shall be deemed a default by Tenant under this Lease and such Failure shall also constitute an acknowledgment by Tenant which may be relied upon by Landlord, any person holding or proposing to hold or acquire an interest in the Office Park, that this Lease is in full force and effect, that Landlord is not in default under this Lease and that there are no set-offs or defenses against the Landlord under this Lease. Such failure by Tenant to deliver timely fee statement required under this Article shall constitute as to any person entitled to rely upon such statement, a waiver of any defaults which existed prior to the date of such notice. __clusterTitleType__17 
 No waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, whether or not similar, nor shall any waiver constitute a continuing waiver unless otherwise expressly provided in a writing signed by the waiving party. __clusterTitleType__8 
  Special meetings of the stockholders, for any purpose or purposes prescribed in the notice of the meeting, may be called by the Chief Executive Officer, President, the Chairman of the Board of Directors, pursuant to a resolution approved by a majority of the Board of Directors or pursuant to a resolution approved by holders of a majority of votes represented by shares of the Common Stock (as defined in Article II, Section 8). Such special meetings of the stockholders shall be held at such places, within or without the State of Delaware (including by remote communication as authorized by Section 211(a)(2) of the DGCL), dates and times as shall be specified in the respective notices or waivers of notice thereof. Only business within the purpose or purposes described in the notice or waiver of notice required by these Bylaws may be conducted at a special meeting of the stockholders. No stockholder shall have the power to require that a meeting of the stockholders be held or that any matter be voted on by the stockholders at any special meeting, except as required by law. __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be considered as an original, and both of which shall constitute one and the same agreement. IN WITNESS OF WHICH, the parties have executed this Agreement on the date set forth below. January 1, 2010 /s/ Sonny Lyles Date Sonny Lyles, Individually SWORN TO AND SUBSCRIBED before me on this 1st day of January, 2010. Karen Thompson Notary Public in and for State of Texas Sterling Bancshares, Inc. December 31, 2009 J. Downey Bridgwater Date J. Downey Bridgwater Chairman, President &Chief Executive Officer, SWORN TO AND SUBSCRIBED before me on this 31st day of December, 2009. Karen Thompson Notary Public in and for State of Texas 6 __clusterTitleType__10 
 return envelope addressed to American Stock Transfer & Trust Company , LLC ( the Subscription Agent ) . Your prompt attention is requested. To exercise your Subscription Rights, you should properly complete and sign the Subscription Certificate and forward it, with payment of the Subscription Price in full for each Unit subscribed for pursuant to the Basic Subscription Right and the Over-Subscription Right to the Subscription Agent, as indicated on the Subscription Certificate and in the Prospectus. The Subscription Agent must receive the properly completed and duly executed Subscription Certificate and full payment at or prior to 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the Expiration Date. A Holder cannot revoke the exercise of its Subscription Rights. Subscription Rights not exercised at or prior to 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the Expiration Date will expire without value. Any questions or requests for assistance concerning the Rights Offering should be directed to the Company at (321) 779-5542 or ROSD@lsgc.com. Very truly yours, Lighting Science Group Corporation 2 __clusterTitleType__17 
 Unless Owners and Managing Agent otherwise agree in writing, all Properties from time to time acquired by Owners or their affiliates shall automatically become subject to this Agreement without amendment hereof. __clusterTitleType__17 
  This Agreement and the legal relations among the parties shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. Except with respect to any arbitration commenced by the Director pursuant to Section 8(a) of this Agreement, the Corporations and the Director hereby irrevocably and unconditionally (i) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the Chancery Court of the State of Delaware (the Delaware Court), and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of America or any court in any other country, (ii) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Court for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, (iii) appoint, to the extent such party is not otherwise subject to service of process in the State of Delaware, irrevocably as its agent in the State of Delaware as such partys agent for acceptance of legal process in connection with any such action or proceeding against such party with the same legal force and validity as if served upon such party personally within the State of Delaware, (iv) waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action or proceeding in the Delaware Court, and (v) waive, and agree not to plead or to make, any claim that any such action or proceeding brought in the Delaware Court has been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum. __clusterTitleType__19 
 In the event of any Landlord Delay (as such term is defined below) or Force Majeure that actually delays Substantial Completion of the Tenant Improvements (which is currently anticipated to be December 30, 2009) and the date that Tenant intended to occupy any or all of the Premises absent such Landlord Delay or Force Majeure, the Commencement Date and the date that Tenant shall be obligated to commence paying Rent shall be delayed one (1) day for each such day of delay to the extent proximately caused by Landlord Delay or Force Majeure. As used in this Work Letter, the term Landlord Delay means any of the following, to the extent that same shall proximately cause an actual delay in Substantial Completion of the Tenant Improvements and the date that Tenant intended to occupy any or all of the Premises absent such Landlord Delay: (a) any delay caused by the failure of Landlord to comply with the terms of this Work Letter beyond any time period specified in this Work Letter; or (b) any delays due to any material breach of the express representations or warranties described herein or in the Lease, or any material failure of Landlord to provide, or material defect in, the Shell Improvements, or any material non-compliance of the Shell Improvements with applicable laws, but only to the extent such material breach of such representation or warranty or such material failure, defect or non-compliance in the Shell Improvements shall require additional remedial work that causes an actual delay in Substantial Completion of the Tenant Improvements and the date that Tenant intended to occupy any or all of the Premises absent such material breach of such representation or warranty or such material failure, defect or non-compliance in the Shell Improvements. __clusterTitleType__17 
 (a) Upon a Change of Control, any Holder of Notes will have the right, subject to certain conditions set forth in the Indenture, to require the Company to repurchase all or any part (equal to $1,000 or an integral multiple thereof) of the Notes of such Holder at a purchase price equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased plus accrued and unpaid interest and Additional Interest, if any, thereon, to the date of repurchase (subject to the A-7 right of Holders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant interest payment date that is on or prior to the date of repurchase) as provided in, and subject to the terms of, the Indenture. (b) If the Company or a Subsidiary consummates any Asset Sales, within ten Business Days of each date on which the aggregate amount of Excess Proceeds exceeds $50.0 million, the Company will commence an offer to all Holders of Notes and all holders of certain other Indebtedness containing provisions similar to those set forth in the Indenture with respect to offers to purchase or redeem with the proceeds of sales of assets (an Asset Sale Offer) pursuant to Section 4.09 of the Indenture to purchase the maximum principal amount of Notes (including any Additional Notes) that may be purchased out of the Excess Proceeds at an offer price in cash in an amount equal to 100% of the principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest and Additional Interest thereon, if any, to the date fixed for the closing of such offer, in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Indenture. To the extent that the aggregate amount of Notes (including any Additional Notes) and such other Indebtedness tendered pursuant to an Asset Sale Offer is less than the Excess Proceeds, the Company (or such Subsidiary) may use such deficiency for any purpose not otherwise prohibited by the Indenture. If the aggregate principal amount of Notes and such other Indebtedness surrendered by the Holders thereof exceeds the amount of Excess Proceeds, the Trustee shall select the Notes and such other Indebtedness to be purchased on a pro rata basis. Holders of Notes that are the subject of an offer to purchase will receive an Asset Sale Offer from the Company prior to any related purchase date and may elect to have such Notes purchased by completing the form entitled Option of Holder to Elect Purchase on the reverse of the Notes. __clusterTitleType__1 
 Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement, the parties agree that this Agreement shall not adversely affect, alter, or extinguish any vested right that the Employee may have with respect to any pension or other retirement benefits to which the Employee is or will be entitled by virtue of the Employees employment with the Company, and nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit the Employee from enforcing such rights. 4 of 14 __clusterTitleType__8 
 Without precluding acting to obtain specific performance and/or injunctive relief pursuant to Paragraph 9 above, in the event of any dispute between the parties hereto arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the employment relationship, including, without limitation, any statutory claims of discrimination, between the Company and the Executive (except any dispute with respect to Paragraphs 6 and 7 hereof), such dispute shall be settled by arbitration in the City of Kansas City, State of Kansas, in accordance with the National Rules for the Resolution of Employment Disputes then in effect of the American Arbitration Association. The parties hereto agree that the arbitral panel shall also be empowered to grant injunctive relief to a party, which may be included in any award. Judgment upon the award rendered, including injunctive relief, may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if any dispute arises between the parties under Paragraphs 6 or 7, neither the Executive nor the Company shall be required to arbitrate such dispute or claim, but each party shall have the right to institute judicial proceedings the courts located in the City of Kansas City and the state of Kansas. If such judicial proceedings are instituted, the parties agree that such proceedings shall not be stayed or delayed pending the outcome of any arbitration proceeding hereunder. __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the successors, legal representatives and assigns of the parties hereto; provided, however, that Employee shall not have any right to assign, pledge or otherwise dispose of or transfer any interest in this Agreement or any payment hereunder, whether directly or indirectly or in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of the Company, and any such attempted assignment, pledge or other disposition or transfer in contravention of the foregoing shall be null and void. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of Employees death, the Employees estate and/or legal beneficiaries shall be entitled to the rights of Employee hereunder in the event of a Sale occurring prior to June 30, 2012. __clusterTitleType__20 
 __clusterTitleType__17 
 The remedies provided in this Warrant shall be cumulative and in addition to all other remedies available under this Warrant, the 10 Exchange Agreements, the Securities Purchase Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, at law or in equity (including a decree of specific performance and/or other injunctive relief), and nothing herein shall limit the right of the Holder right to pursue actual damages for any failure by the Company to comply with the terms of this Warrant. The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder and that the remedy at law for any such breach may be inadequate. The Company therefore agrees that, in the event of any such breach or threatened breach, the holder of this Warrant shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to an injunction restraining any breach, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required. __clusterTitleType__26 
 The Committee reserves the right at any time to amend the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, except that the Committee shall not make any amendment or revision in a manner unfavorable to you (other than if immaterial), without your consent. No consent shall be required for amendments made pursuant to Section 12 of the Plan, except that, for purposes of Section 19 of the Plan, Section 4 and Appendix 1 of this Agreement are deemed to be terms of an Award Agreement expressly referring to an Adjustment Event. Any amendment of this Agreement shall be in writing and signed by an authorized member of the Committee or a person or persons designated by the Committee. __clusterTitleType__8 
  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of) this Agreement, whenever the Investor exercises a right, election, demand or option under this Agreement and the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods herein provided, then the Investor may rescind or withdraw, in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election in whole or in part without prejudice to its future actions and rights. __clusterTitleType__17 
  __clusterTitleType__17 
  __clusterTitleType__17 
 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Company shall advance all Expenses incurred by or on behalf of Indemnitee in connection with any Proceeding by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status within thirty (30) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements from Indemnitee requesting such advance or advances from time to time, whether prior to or after final disposition of such Proceeding. Such statement or statements shall reasonably evidence the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee and shall include or be preceded or accompanied by a written undertaking by or on behalf of Indemnitee to repay any Expenses advanced if it shall ultimately be determined that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified against such Expenses. Any advances and undertakings to repay pursuant to this Section 5 shall be unsecured and interest free. __clusterTitleType__17 
 (a)Beneficially Own or Beneficial Owner with respect to any securities means having beneficial ownership as determined pursuant to Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (b) Company Capital Stock means, jointly, the Company Common Stock and the Company Preferred Stock (c) Company Common Stock means shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Company. (d) Company Options and Other Rights means options, warrants and other rights to acquire, directly or indirectly, shares of Company Capital Stock (e) Company Preferred Stock means shares of Series A convertible preferred stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Company. (f)Expiration Date means the earlier to occur of (i) the Effective Time (as defined in the Merger Agreement) or (ii) the date on which the Merger Agreement is terminated pursuant to its terms (g) Subject Shares means (i) all shares of Company Capital Stock Beneficially Owned by the Company Principal Stockholder as of the date of this Agreement, and (ii) all additional shares of Company Capital Stock of which the Company Principal Stockholder acquires Beneficial Ownership during the period from the date of this Agreement through the Expiration Date. __clusterTitleType__3 
 No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant. In lieu of any fractional share to which the Holder would otherwise be entitled, the Company shall either round the number of shares up to the nearest whole share or make a cash payment equal to the Exercise Price multiplied by such fraction. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Subject to the provisions of paragraph 15 of Exhibit A hereof, this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any other person or entity any right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
 3.1 The Contractor shall perform the functions and tasks specified, or referred to, in this Section 3.1 as well as any functions and tasks not specifically named but reasonably required to perform the functions and tasks specified, or referred to, in this Section 3.1 (the Services). (a) Contractor shall transfer to the Customer the Know-how and submit to the Customer the associated technical documentation, and perform the services, specified in Annex No, 2. (b) Contractor shall provide to the Customer the BEP, perform the Construction Services, and submit to the Customer the associated technical documentation as specified in Annex No. 2. (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, and without limiting Contractors obligations as otherwise set forth in this Contract, at Customers request Contractor shall, as part of the Services, provide at Customers site an appropriate number of suitably qualified and experienced engineers to advise Customer during construction, commissioning, start-up, and testing of the Plant, and supply training services to Customer and Customers designees. 5 3.2 The Contractor shall perform the Services in accordance with the timeline set forth in Section 6 of Annex 2. 3.3 Customer may propose a change to be made to the Services or the BEP. In such event, Contractor shall promptly prepare a written analysis of the change including the rationale for and consequences of the change. Such consequences shall not include any changes to the Total Remuneration unless the implementation of the change requires material additional resources or efforts on the part of Contractor. If upon receipt and review of Contractors analysis, Customer is interested in further considering such change, Contractor shall develop for Customer to review and approve a detailed implementation plan. With Customer approval, Contractor shall implement the change in accordance with such plan. __clusterTitleType__17 
  3.1Upon the demand of the Debt Holder, Pubco will issue ________ shares of Pubco common stock and ________ Pubco common stock purchase warrants to the Debt Holder pursuant to the Debt Conversion Agreement dated January 6, 2010 (the Debt Conversion Agreement) in full satisfaction and settlement of the Assumed Amount.  __clusterTitleType__17 
 Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein have the meanings ascribed to them in the Loan Agreement. __clusterTitleType__3 
 24 __clusterTitleType__4 
  2.1 Purchase Price: The Company hereby agrees to issue to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser, in reliance on the representations and warranties contained herein, and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, agrees to purchase from the Company 50,000,000 shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Acquired Shares) for a total purchase price of $200,000 (the Purchase Price), payable in full to the Company according to the terms of this Agreement, in United States currency. 2.2 Closing. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Closing shall take place by wire transfer and overnight mail on or before 5:00 P.M. EST on January 6, 2010 (the Closing Date). __clusterTitleType__17 
 Any payments to which the Executive may be entitled under this Agreement, including, without limitation, under sections 5 and 6 hereof, shall be made forthwith on the applicable date(s) for payment specified in this Agreement. If for any reason the amount of any payment due to the Executive cannot be finally determined on that date, such amount shall be estimated on a good faith basis by the Company and the estimated amount shall be paid no later than 10 days after such date. As soon as practicable thereafter, the final determination of the amount due shall be made and any adjustment requiring a payment to or from the Executive shall be made as promptly as practicable. __clusterTitleType__17 
  (a)Payment upon exercise may be made at the option of the Holder either in (i) cash, wire transfer or by certified or official bank check payable to the order of the Company equal to the applicable aggregate Purchase Price, (ii) by delivery of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with Section (b) below or (iii) by a combination of any of the foregoing methods, for the number of shares of Common Stock specified in such form (as such exercise number shall be adjusted to reflect any adjustment in the total number of shares of Common Stock issuable to the holder per the terms of this Warrant) and the Holder shall thereupon be entitled to receive the number of duly authorized, validly issued, fully-paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock (or Other Securities) determined as provided herein.  Notwithstanding the immediately preceding sentence, payment upon exercise may be made in the manner described in Section 2(b ) below commencing ninety-one (91) days after the Issue Date, only with respect to Common Stock not included for unrestricted public resale in an effective Registration Statement on the date notice of exercise is given by the Holder or otherwise be able to be sold under SEC Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933 (1933 Act). (b)Subject to the provisions herein to the contrary, if the Fair Market Value of one share of Common Stock is greater than the Purchase Price (at the date of calculation as set forth below), in lieu of exercising this Warrant for cash, the Holder may elect to receive shares equal to the value (as determined below) of this Warrant (or the portion thereof being cancelled) by delivery of a properly endorsed Subscription Form delivered to the Company by any means described in Section 12, in which event the Company shall issue to the Holder a number of shares of Common Stock computed using the following formula:  X=Y (A-B) A Where X= the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued to the Holder Y= the number of shares of Common Stock purchasable under the Warrant or, if only a portion of the Warrant is being exercised, the portion of the Warrant being exercised (at the date of such calculation) A= Fair Market Value B= Purchase Price (as adjusted to the date of such calculation) For purposes of Rule 144 promulgated under the 1933 Act, it is intended, understood and acknowledged that the Common Stock issued in a cashless exercise transaction in the manner described above shall be deemed to have been acquired by the Holder, and the holding period for them shall be deemed to have commenced, on the date this Warrant was originally issued. 3 __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Processing Agent shall be a third party beneficiary under this Agreement, entitled to enforce any rights, duties or obligations owed to it under this Agreement notwithstanding the terms of any other agreements between the Processing Agent and any Party hereto. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof. __clusterTitleType__24 
  Initially, WILMINGTON TRUST FSB (the Trustee) will act as Paying Agent and Registrar. The Issuer may appoint and change any Paying Agent or Registrar without notice to the Holders. The Issuer or any domestically organized Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the Issuer may act as Paying Agent or Registrar. The Issuer shall retain possession of the Notes as custodian for the Holders. Holders of the Notes will be entitled to physical delivery of their respective Note upon written request to the Issuer. Except for any Notes delivered to Holders pursuant to written request by such Holders to the Issuer, the Notes will at all times be held by the Issuer. __clusterTitleType__17 
  This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supercedes and replaces any prior or contemporaneous agreements or understandings, whether written or oral, relating to such subject matter. This Agreement is not intended to confer upon any person other than the parties hereto any rights or remedies hereunder. This Agreement may not be modified or amended except in writing signed by the parties. __clusterTitleType__6 
  Notwithstanding the terms and conditions of Section 2 hereof, upon the Participants death or disability (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code), or upon the occurrence of a Triggering Event within the 12-month period following a Change in Control in accordance with Section 11 of the Stock Plan as in effect as of the date of the Triggering Event (any of the foregoing being an Accelerating Event) (provided, in each case, that the Participant is employed by Disney (or an Affiliate) at the time of such Accelerating Event), this Award shall become fully vested with respect to the Target Award Amount of Stock Units; provided, however, that notwithstanding the foregoing, if such Accelerating Event shall have occurred after the Determination Date but before the Scheduled Vesting Date, then the number of Stock Units which shall become fully vested shall be determined on the same basis as if the Participant had been continuously employed by Disney (or an Affiliate) until the Scheduled Vesting Date and shall be payable in accordance with Section 5 hereof to the extent that it has not previously been forfeited. __clusterTitleType__1 
 The following constitute an event of default (Event of Default): a. Borrower fails to pay any of its material liabilities, obligations, and indebtedness to Lender of any and every kind and nature, whether heretofore, now or hereafter owing, arising, due or payable and howsoever evidenced, created, incurred, acquired, or owing, whether primary, secondary, direct, contingent, fixed or otherwise whether arising under or in accordance with the Note or otherwise when due and said failure continues for a period of seven (7) days; 3 d. Borrower fails or neglects to perform, keep or observe any of the covenants, conditions or agreements contained in this Note; e. Any warranty or representation now or hereafter made by the Borrower in connection with this Note is untrue or incorrect in any material respect, or any schedule, certificate, statement, report, financial data, notice, or writing furnished at any time by the Borrower to the Lender is untrue or incorrect in any material respect, on the date as of which the facts set forth therein are stated or certified; f.A g. Borrower voluntarily or involuntarily dissolves or is dissolved, terminates or is terminated; h. Borrower becomes insolvent or fails generally to pay its debts as they become due, and said failure continues for a period of thirty (30) days after written notice of same from the Lender to the Borrower; __clusterTitleType__17 
  The Issuer issued the Notes under the Indenture dated as of December 30, 2009 (the Indenture) between the Issuer and the Trustee. The terms of the Notes include those stated in the Indenture and those made part of the Indenture by reference to the TIA. The Notes are subject to all such terms, and Noteholders are referred to the Indenture and the TIA for a statement of those terms. Defined terms used but not defined herein have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Indenture. A-5 The Notes are subordinated obligations of the Issuer and are limited to $200,000,000 in aggregate principal amount outstanding. This Note is one of the Notes referred to in the Indenture. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Escrow Agent will hold and disburse the Escrowed Funds received by it pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, as follows: 3.1 Upon receipt of joint written instructions from the Company and the Placement Agent, in substantially the form of Exhibit C hereto, the Escrow Agent shall release the Escrowed Funds as directed in such instructions 3.2 In the event this Agreement, the Escrowed Funds or the Escrow Agent becomes the subject of litigation, the Company authorizes the Escrow Agent, at its option, to deposit the Escrowed Funds with the clerk of the court in which the litigation is pending, or a court of competent jurisdiction if no litigation is pending, and thereupon the Escrow Agent shall be fully relieved and discharged of any further responsibility with regard thereto The Company also authorizes the Escrow Agent, if it receives conflicting claims to the Escrow Funds, is threatened with litigation or if the Escrow Agent shall desire to do so for any other reason, to interplead all interested parties in any court of competent jurisdiction and to deposit the Escrowed Funds with the clerk of that court and thereupon the Escrow Agent shall be fully relieved and discharged of any further responsibility hereunder to the parties from which they were received. 3.3 In the event that the Escrow Agent does not receive joint instructions by a date that is January 31, 2010 (the Escrow Termination Date), all Escrowed Funds shall be returned to the parties from which they were received, without interest thereon or deduction therefrom __clusterTitleType__17 
 5.1 All documentation will be delivered to Customer in English and in electronic format as specified in Annex No. 2. 5.2 Customer is not obliged to inspect the documentation upon receipt. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Following the termination of the Restricted Period, all restrictions set forth in this Agreement relating to such portion or all, as applicable, of the Restricted Shares shall lapse as to such portion or all, as applicable, of the Restricted Shares, and a stock certificate for the appropriate number of shares of Common Stock, free of the restrictions and restrictive stock legend, shall, upon request, be delivered to the Grantee or the Grantees beneficiary or estate, as the case may be, pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__5 
 Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as an admission of liability by the Executive or the Company; rather, the Executive and the Company Released Parties are resolving any and all potential disputes arising from the Executive's employment with the Company and cessation of that employment. __clusterTitleType__17 
  This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns. The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Investor. The Investor may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom the Investor assigns or transfers any or any part of the Units, provided such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Units or partial Units , by the provisions hereof that apply to the Investor. __clusterTitleType__20 
  In case any of the Warrant Certificates shall be mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall issue and the Warrant Agent shall countersign, in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation of the mutilated Warrant Certificate, or in lieu of and substitution for the Warrant Certificate lost, stolen or destroyed, a new Warrant Certificate of like tenor and representing an equivalent number of Warrants, but only upon receipt of evidence satisfactory to the Company and the Warrant Agent of such loss, theft or destruction of such Warrant Certificate and indemnity, also satisfactory to the Company and the Warrant Agent. Applicants for such new Warrant Certificates must pay such reasonable charges as the Company may prescribe. __clusterTitleType__17 
  The parties agree as follows: 2.1 Upon execution of this Agreement, the parties will cancel and consider rescinded all previous agreements between the parties. According to this Agreement, the Note shall be cancelled and destroyed, and all ownership of the assets and business operations of Praesidium will transfer back to DDP (the Return Transfer). __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Company will issue the Shares by registering the Shares in book entry form in the Grantees name and the applicable restrictions will be noted in the Companys records and book entry system. No certificate(s) representing the Shares will be issued unless and until the Restrictions have been removed. Subject to provision by the Grantee of any documentation reasonably requested by the Company, upon written request by Grantee, the Company will provide such documentation as is reasonably necessary to (a) remove any restrictions under this Agreement with respect to the Shares, or (b) otherwise facilitate a lawful transfer of the Shares pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__23 
 __clusterTitleType__17 
 To the extent any indemnification by an indemnifying party is prohibited or limited by law, the indemnifying party agrees to make the maximum contribution with respect to any amounts for which it would otherwise be liable under Section 5 to the fullest extent permitted by law; provided, however, that (a) no contribution shall be made under circumstances where the maker would not have been liable for indemnification under the fault standards set forth in Section 5; (b) no seller of Registrable Securities guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any seller of Registrable Securities who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation; and (c) contribution by any seller of Registrable Securities shall be limited in amount to the net amount of proceeds received by such seller from the sale of such Registrable Securities. __clusterTitleType__27 
 By acceptance of this Offer Letter, the Borrower agrees to indemnify the Bank against any liability which might accrue to the Bank for Capital Gains Tax under the terms of Section 56 of the Finance Act 1983, as the same may be amended or varied from time to time. The Borrower hereby fully indemnifies the Bank from and against: (i) all unpaid commission, fees, interest, charges (including legal charges), losses, costs and expenses payable in respect of the Borrowers liabilities together with any funding fees, broken funding costs, damages, liabilities or any other amount due or to become due under this Offer Letter and (ii) any liabilities in connection with interest and foreign exchange transactions or any liability in connection with interest and currency hedging and swap agreements, forward rate agreements, interest and currency futures or options, interest rate caps, interest rate floors, interest rate collars, gilt and cash options and any other forms of financial instruments which may be incurred by the Bank in respect of the Borrowers liabilities under this Offer Letter arising out of any Event of Default or any drawdown, rollover or repayment/early repayment of the facilities under this Offer Letter or otherwise in connection with these facilities or the security in respect of these facilities or which may be incurred in liquidating or deploying deposits from third parties acquired to make, maintain or fund the facility/facilities (or any part of it/them) __clusterTitleType__27 
 Indemnitee agrees promptly to notify the Company in writing upon being served with or otherwise receiving any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating to any Proceeding or matter which may be subject to indemnification covered hereunder. The failure to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company of any obligation which it may have to Indemnitee under this Agreement or otherwise unless and only to the extent that such failure or delay materially prejudices the Company. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The terms of the Plan shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company and its successors and assigns. __clusterTitleType__20 
  Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to give to any person or corporation other than the Company, the Warrant Agent and the registered holders of the Warrant Certificates any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under this Agreement, and this Agreement shall be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the Company, the Warrant Agent and the registered holders of the Warrant Certificates. __clusterTitleType__17 
  6.1The Board shall grant an RSU Award (Matching RSU Award) to each Participant in respect of an RSU Award granted under Rule 4. 1 above and an acquisition of Bonus Investment Shares under Rule 5.1 above, on the terms set out in the Plan and such other terms as the Board may specify at the time of the award. 6.2The number of Shares subject to a Matching RSU Award shall be equal to 25% of the number of Shares subject to the RSU Award granted or the number of Bonus Investment Shares acquired and in respect of which the Matching RSU Award is awarded, or such other percentage as the Board may in its absolute discretion determine prior to the Award Date of the Matching RSU Award.  __clusterTitleType__17 
 Employee will be appointed to the Board not later than thirty (30) days following the Effective Date. Employee may be removed from the Board in accordance with applicable law and the Companys Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws. Upon the termination of Employees employment for any reason, and unless otherwise requested by the Board, Employee will be deemed to have voluntarily resigned from the Board (and all other positions held at the Company and its affiliates) without any further action required by Employee or the Board. At the Boards request, Employee will execute any documents necessary to reflect such resignation. __clusterTitleType__17 
 ; EXECUTIVE REPRESENTATIONS 3.1General Releases.  1 Benefit Plans as defined in the Employment Agreement includes the 401(k) Retirement and Savings Plan and CDP/SERP Plan. 4 As required under Section 12(b) of the Employment Agreement, for and in consideration of the payment of the amounts and the provision of the benefits described in Section 2.1 and Section 2.2 of this Agreement, Executive hereby agrees to execute a release of all claims against the Beneficiaries in the form attached as Exhibit I hereto (the General Release) on the Execution Date. 3.2Executives Representations and Warranties.  Executive represents that he has carefully read and fully understands the terms of this Agreement, and that Executive has been advised to consult with an attorney and has availed himself of the opportunity to consult with an attorney prior to signing this Agreement. Executive acknowledges and agrees that he is executing this Agreement willingly, voluntarily and knowingly, of his own free will, in exchange for the payments and benefits described in Section 2 of this Agreement, and that he has not relied on any representations, promises or agreements of any kind made to him in connection with his decision to accept the terms of this Agreement, other than those set forth in this Agr eement. Executive further acknowledges, understands, and agrees that as of the Termination Date his employment with the Company will terminate, that the provisions of Section 2 of this Agreement are in lieu of any and all payments and benefits to which Executive may otherwise be entitled to receive pursuant to the Employment Agreement, that Executive will not apply for or otherwise seek employment with the Company or any of its parents, companies, subsidiaries, divisions or affiliates. Executive understands that, except as otherwise expressly provided for under this Agreement, he will not receive any payments or benefits under this Agreement until the seven (7) day revocation period provided for under the General Release has passed, and then, only if he has not revoked the General Release (such period, the Revocation Period). __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Placement Agents are acting solely in the capacity of an arms length contractual counterparty to the Company with respect to the Offer (including in connection with determining the terms of the Offer) and not as financial advisors or as fiduciaries to, or agents of, the Company or any other person. Additionally, 25 the Placement Agents are not advising the Company or any other person as to any legal, tax, investment, accounting or regulatory matters in any jurisdiction. The Company shall consult with its own advisors concerning such matters and shall be responsible for making its own independent investigation and appraisal of the transactions contemplated hereby, and the Placement Agents shall have no responsibility or liability to the Company with respect thereto. Any review by the Placement Agents of the Company, the transactions contemplated hereby or other matters relating to such transactions will be performed solely for the benefit of the Placement Agents and shall not be on behalf of the Company. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Company and the Employee acknowledge that the Employees employment is, and shall continue to be, at-will. __clusterTitleType__13 
 Marketer is an independent contractor operating an independent business and is not authorized to act as an agent or employee of CITGO or to make any commitments or incur any expense or obligations of any kind on behalf of CITGO, unless expressly authorized by CITGO in writing. __clusterTitleType__17 
 7.1 Each Party will keep confidential all non-public information belonging to the other Party and clearly marked CONFIDENTIAL or PROPRIETARY by such Party, as well as all such information that, by reason of its nature or context, should reasonably be construed as the confidential information of the other Party (e.g., technical, business, and financial information, including business plans and customer and supplier lists). (collectively, the Confidential Information). Each Party will use, and make Confidential 7 Information available to his own employees and third parties, only to the extent necessary for the performance of its obligations or exercise of its rights under this Contract. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, nothing in this Section 7 shall restrict or prohibit Customer from exercising its licenses in accordance with Section 2 of this Contract. 7.2 Notwithstanding Section 7.1, the following shall not be considered Confidential Information: - such information as was known to a Party prior to its transmission by the furnishing Party; - such information as was in the public domain at the time of disclosure or later is available in the public domain but not through any act or fault of the receiving Party; - such information as is received by a Party independently from a third party and in disclosing such information the third party does not violate any confidentiality agreement executed by such third party with the furnishing Party; and - such information as is required to be disclosed by law court order or stock exchange, provided that in such event the Party required to disclose such information shall give the furnishing Party prompt written notice of such requirement so as to permit the furnishing Party to seek a protective order or similar relief. 7.3 Upon termination of this Agreement, a Party receiving Confidential Information from the furnishing Party shall return to the furnishing Party all written or electronic copies of the Confidential Information of the furnishing Party in the receiving Partys possession. __clusterTitleType__17 
 All agreements and obligations of the Company contained herein shall continue upon the later of (a) ten (10) years after the date that Indemnitee shall have ceased to serve as a director of the Company or a director, officer, trustee, partner, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other Enterprise which Indemnitee served at the request of the Company; or (b) one (1) year after the final termination of any Proceeding (including any rights of appeal thereto) in respect of which Indemnitee is granted rights of indemnification or advancement of Expenses hereunder and of any Proceeding commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement relating thereto (including any rights of appeal of any Section 7 Proceeding. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company), assigns, spouses, heirs, executors and personal and legal representatives. __clusterTitleType__21 
  All capitalized terms shall have the meanings given them in Exhibit A to this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__3 
 33 __clusterTitleType__17 
 In the event that the Closing shall not have occurred with respect to a Purchaser on or before fifteen (15) Business Days from the date hereof due to the Company's or such Purchaser's failure to satisfy the conditions set forth in Sections 6 and 7 above (and the nonbreaching party's failure to waive such unsatisfied condition(s)), the nonbreaching party shall have the option to terminate this Agreement with respect to such breaching party at the close of business on such date without liability of any party to any other party; provided, however, that if this Agreement is terminated pursuant to this Section 8, the Company shall remain obligated to reimburse the non-breaching Purchasers for the expenses described in Section 4(g) above. __clusterTitleType__5 
 If the Indemnitee is entitled under any provision of this Agreement to indemnification by the Company for a portion of the Expenses, judgments, fines, interest or penalties, or excise taxes assessed with respect to any employee benefit or welfare plan, which are actually and reasonably incurred by the Indemnitee in the investigation, defense, appeal or settlement of any Proceeding, but not, however, for the total amount of the Indemnitees Expenses, judgments, fines, interest or penalties, or excise taxes assessed with respect to any employee benefit or welfare plan, then the Company shall nevertheless indemnify the Indemnitee for the portion of such Expenses, judgments, fines, interest penalties or excise taxes to which the Indemnitee is entitled. __clusterTitleType__25 
 As set forth in Appendix 1 attached hereto, the Options may be affected in the event of a Change of Control or a going private transaction (each as defined in Appendix 1 attached hereto). __clusterTitleType__17 
 (a) Subject to earlier expiration as provided for by Section 4(b) or Section 4(c) hereof, the Option shall not be exercisable after and, if not previously exercised, shall expire at 5:00 P.M., Harleysville, PA time, on December 11, 2019. (b)If the Optionees services as a non-employee Director of the Company or of a parent or subsidiary corporation of the Company are terminated or shall otherwise cease without regard to the reason therefore except as provided for in Section 4(c) hereof, this Option shall expire on the earlier of December 11, 2019 or the second anniversary of the date of termination or cessation of services as a Director. (c) Notwithstanding Sections 3, 4(a) and 4(b) hereof, this Option, whether vested or not, shall expire without any further act by the Company, as follows: (i) Upon the date that the Optionee is removed for cause from service as a Director; (ii) Upon the commission of any act for which either criminal or civil penalties may be sought; (iii) Upon the willful violation of any of the Companys written policies; (iv) Upon engaging in any activity which is competition with the Company, or any parent or subsidiary of the Company; or (v) Upon any unauthorized disclosure of the confidential information or trade secrets of the Company or of any parent or subsidiary of the Company. (d) In the event of death, Optionees rights may be exercised by the estate of the Optionee or by the person acquiring the right to exercise the Option by bequest, inheritance or by reason of the death of the Optionee. __clusterTitleType__1 
 The parties intend that the rights granted under this Deed and the obligations of the Company hereunder comply in all respects with the applicable Irish law, including any limitations on indemnity or the ability for Indemnitee to request be excused for negligence, default, breach of duty or breach of trust (however such limitations or rights may exist from time to time under Irish law). If any provision or provisions of this Deed shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Deed (including without limitation, each portion of any Section of this Deed containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law; (b) such provision or provisions shall be deemed reformed to the extent necessary to conform to applicable law and to give the maximum effect to the intent of the parties hereto; and (c) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Deed (including, without limitation, each portion of any 8 Section of this Deed containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested thereby. __clusterTitleType__14 
 Each Initial Purchaser hereby agrees that, prior to the date that is one year and one day after payment in full of all obligations under the Indenture, it will not institute against, or join with any other Person in instituting against, the Issuer any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings, or other similar proceeding, under any federal or state bankruptcy or similar law. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Borrower agrees to fully repay the Loan by November 30, 2010. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Nothing contained in this Agreement shall confer upon Recipient any right to be employed by the Company or to continue to provide services to the Company or to interfere in any way with the right of the Company to terminate Recipients services at any time for any reason, with or without cause. __clusterTitleType__28 
 All shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall have the registration rights set forth in the SPA. __clusterTitleType__23 
  __clusterTitleType__17 
  The Company and the Historic Partners (each, on its behalf and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, on behalf of its stockholders and affiliates) and each of the Underwriters hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Trustees shall at all times keep the Manager fully informed with regard to the real estate investment policies of the Company, the capitalization policy of the Company, and generally the Trustees' then-current intentions as to the future of the Company. In particular, the Company shall notify the Manager promptly of its intention to sell or otherwise dispose of any of the Company's real estate investments or to make any new real estate investment. The Company shall furnish the Manager with such information with regard to its affairs as the Manager may from time to time reasonably request. The Company shall retain legal counsel and accountants to provide legal and accounting advice and services as the Manager or the Trustees shall deem necessary or appropriate to adequately perform the functions of the Company, and shall have legal or accounting opinions and advice as the Manager or the Trustees shall reasonably request. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Purchaser agrees to be responsible for all applicable taxes, customs duty and importation charges levied in the country of Colombia. __clusterTitleType__2 
  5.1The Debt Holder represents and warrants that all of the representations and warranties contained in the Debt Conversion Agreement thereto, as executed by the Debt Holder, are true and accurate with respect to all securities to be issued in connection with the Assumption as of the date of this Agreement.  __clusterTitleType__11 
 The foregoing is the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes in its entirety any letter agreement or other writings by and among the Executive and the Company. This Agreement may not be amended, supplemented, canceled or discharged except by written instrument executed by both parties hereto. __clusterTitleType__15 
 The Company agrees to release Lyles from certain specific provisions contained in Lyles Severance and Non-Competition Agreement dated May 2, 2005. The specific provisions from which Lyles is released are: a. The prohibition on directly or indirectly, owning, managing, operating, controlling, investing or acquiring an equity interest in any financial institution (or any affiliate thereof including, without limitation, any bank holding company or financial holding company) with $10 billion or less in assets located or conducting business in Harris County, Texas or any of its contiguous counties (the Territory) which competes with the business conducted by any Sterling Entity; and b. The prohibition on engaging in or carrying on, either directly or indirectly, whether for himself or as an employee, officer, director, agent, consultant, proprietor, 1 partner, stockholder, member, joint venturer, investor, or other paid participant, any business with, on behalf of or as a financial institution within the Territory which competes with the business conducted by any Sterling Entity. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Any notice, report or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when delivered in person, upon confirmation of receipt when transmitted by facsimile transmission, on the next business day if transmitted by a nationally recognized overnight courier or on the third business day following mailing by first class mail, postage prepaid, in each case as follows (or at such other United States address or facsimile number for a party as shall be specified by like notice): If to the Company: Senior Housing Properties Trust 400 Centre Street Newton, Massachusetts 02458 Attention: President Facsimile No.: (617) 796-8349 If to the Manager: Reit Management & Research LLC 400 Centre Street Newton, Massachusetts 02458 Attention: President Facsimile No.: (617) 928-1305 __clusterTitleType__4 
  The parties hereby acknowledge that Landlord is only willing to execute this Termination Agreement in the event that Tenant executes and delivers the New Lease to Landlord. Therefore, Landlord shall have the right, exercisable upon written notice to Tenant, to render this Termination Agreement void and without further force or effect, unless Tenant executes and delivers to Landlord the New Lease. [SIGNATURES ON FOLLOWING PAGE] -3- EXECUTED UNDER SEAL as of the date first above written. LANDLORD: RESTON TOWN CENTER PROPERTY LLC, a Delaware limited liability company By: /s/ Jeffrey L. Kovach Name: Jeffrey L. Kovach Title: Senior Vice President Date Signed: 1/6/2010 TENANT: LEARNING TREE INTERNATIONAL, INC., a Delaware corporation By: /s/ Nicholas Schacht Name: Nicholas Schacht Title: CEO Hereunto Duly Authorized Date Signed: 12/24/09 -4- __clusterTitleType__17 
 00 , as defined under the Addendum To Lease dated June 28, 2000 Item No.2, shall be submitted to Lessor, in a form acceptable to Lessor, on or before November 17, 2000. __clusterTitleType__17 
  Except as amended herein, the Credit Agreement and the Credit Documents remain in full force and effect as originally executed, and nothing herein shall act as a waiver of any of the Agents or Banks rights under the Credit Documents, as amended. This Agreement is a Credit Document for the purposes of the provisions of the other Credit Documents. Without limiting the foregoing, any breach of representations, warranties, and covenants under this Agreement may be a Default or Event of Default under other Credit Documents. __clusterTitleType__17 
 There are no material liabilities of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, whether accrued, contingent, absolute, determined, determinable or otherwise, other than (a) liabilities disclosed or set forth in the Companys balance sheet or the notes thereto included in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2009 (the Balance Sheet); (b) liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business since the date of the Balance Sheet, provided that the existence of any such liability does not otherwise constitute a misrepresentation under this Agreement; (c) liabilities under, or required to be incurred under, this Agreement; and (d) liabilities (other than those in default) (i) under contracts and agreements set forth in Section 3.9 of the Disclosure Schedule or the non-disclosure of which therein does not constitute a misrepresentation under Section 3.9 of this Agreement or (ii) under Employee Plans set forth in Section 3.14 of the Disclosure Schedule. __clusterTitleType__17 
  (a) This Agreement shall create a continuing security interest in the Collateral and shall (i) remain in full force and effect until the indefeasible payment in full in immediately available funds of the principal, interest and all other amounts under this Credit Agreement and under any other Loan Document and the termination of this Credit Agreement and each other Loan Document and the cancellation or termination of the Revolving Loan Commitments, (ii) be binding upon Grantors and their respective successors and assigns, and (iii) inure, together with the rights and remedies of Secured Party hereunder, to the benefit of Secured Party and its successors, transferees and assigns (b) Upon the indefeasible payment in full of all Secured Obligations in immediately available funds and the cancellation or termination of the Revolving Loan Commitments, the security interest granted hereby in the Collateral shall automatically terminate and all rights to the Collateral shall revert to the applicable Grantors Upon the sale, lease, transfer or other disposition of any item of Collateral (including, without limitation, as a result of (x) the sale or other transfer or disposition of the Subsidiary that owns such Collateral other than to a Person that is, or is required to be, a Grantor or Additional Grantor or (y) the merger, consolidation, amalgamation or dissolution of the Subsidiary that owns such Collateral other than a merger, consolidation or amalgamation with or a Person that is, or is required to be, a Grantor or Additional Grantor), in each case, in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents, the security interest granted hereby in such item of Collateral shall automatically terminate and all rights to such item of Collateral shall revert to the applicable Grantors. Upon any such release described in this Section 18(b), the Secured Party, at the Borrowers expense, shall execute and deliver to such Grantor such documents in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Secured Party (and without recourse to or warranty by the Secured Party) as may be reasonably requested to evidence such release of such Collateral from the assignment and security interest granted hereunder. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Bridgepoint Education, Inc. Amended and Restated 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the "Plan") shall have the same defined meanings in this Stock Option Agreement. __clusterTitleType__3 
 12.1Inventions.Executive hereby assigns and agrees to assign to Company, its subsidiaries, successors and assigns, all intellectual property rights, in all countries of the world, in and to any invention, patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret, confidential information and technology developed, authored, conceived, or reduced to practice solely by the Executive or jointed with others during the term of the Agreement, which is related to Company's present or prospective business interests. The Executive will, without charge to Company, but at its expense, sign all papers, take all rightful oaths, and do all acts which may be necessary, desirable, or convenient for securing and maintaining intellectual property rights in any and all countries and for vesting title thereto with Company, his successors, assigns, and legal representatives or nominees. 12.2Prior Inventions. Executive shall disclose to Company in writing any of his inventions, discoveries and technology that occurred prior to the execution of the Agreement but during his employment with the Company, which inventions, discoveries and technology Executive also hereby assigns to the Company. The disclosure shall contain sufficient detail to permit Company to evaluate and quantify the scope of Executive's work prior to the date of this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
 4.1 Ownership by EnerDel. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary (including Section 5), as between Think and EnerDel, EnerDel shall retain exclusive ownership of all right, title and interest, throughout the world, in all Intellectual Property (as defined below) relating to the Units (and any other products supplied by EnerDel hereunder) or the manufacture and/or development of the Units or such other products (the EnerDel IP Rights), whether or not based on materials, information, advice and the like received by EnerDel from Think or any other party. For the avoidance of doubt, as between Think and EnerDel, EnerDel exclusively owns and will own all Intellectual Property relating to the lithium-ion battery technology and all derivatives thereof incorporated into the Units or used in the manufacture and/or development of the Units. Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to constitute a transfer of Intellectual Property from EnerDel to Think, or vice versa, or to any other party. EnerDel and Think shall retain all rights in their respective trademarks and trade names. Think shall not alter or remove any of EnerDels trademarks and shall not use any of EnerDels trademarks or trade names without EnerDels prior written consent. 4.2 Acknowledgment of EnerDel Intellectual Property Rights. Think will not directly or indirectly: (i) challenge or contest the validity or enforceability of any of the EnerDel IP Rights, or any EnerDel trademarks or trade names; (ii) dispute the validity, enforceability or EnerDels exclusive ownership of any of the EnerDel IP Rights, or any EnerDel trademarks or trade names, or initiate or participate in any proceeding opposing the grant of any license, patent, trademark or other intellectual property right, or challenging any patent or trademark application in connection with any matter that is a part of the EnerDel IP Rights or any EnerDel trademarks or trade names; (iii) apply to register or otherwise obtain registration of any EnerDel IP Rights or any EnerDel trademarks or trade names; or (iv) assist any other party to do any of the foregoing. 4.3 Definition of Intellectual Property. As used herein, the term Intellectual Property means any and all U.S. or foreign patents, patent applications, copyrights and copyright registrations and applications, inventions, invention disclosures, protected formulae, formulations, processes, methods, trade secrets, computer software, computer programs and source codes, manufacturing research and similar technical information, know-how, customer and supplier information, assembly and test data drawings or royalty rights. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Tenant shall not use the Demised Premises for any illegal trade or other business or any other illegal purpose. Tenant further agrees that the value of the Demised Premises and the reputation of the Landlord will be seriously injured if the Demised Premises are used for any obscene or pornographic purposes or any sort of commercial sex establishment. Tenant agrees that Tenant will not bring or permit any obscene or pornographic material on the Demised Premises, and shall not permit or conduct any obscene, nude, or semi-nude live performances on the Demised Premises, nor permit use of the Demised Premises for nude modeling, rap sessions, or as a so-called rubber goods shop, or as a so-called "massage parlor". Tenant agrees further that Tenant will not permit any of these uses by any sub-tenant or assignee of the Demised Premises. This paragraph shall directly bind any successors in interest to the Tenant. Tenant agrees that if at any time Tenant violates any of the provisions of this Article such violation shall be deemed a breach of a substantial obligation of the terms of this Lease and shall be deemed objectionable conduct and a default under this Lease. Pornographic material is defined for purpose of this Article as any written or pictorial matter with prurient appeal or any objects or instruments that are primarily concerned with lewd or prurient sexual activity. Boomerange Lease 4.13.09 Page 27 of 35 __clusterTitleType__17 
 Each Investor, severally and not jointly, acknowledges that: 3.1. 3.2. Such Investor has received, carefully read and acknowledges the terms of the Transaction Documents and Memorandum, including the Risk Factors set forth in the Memorandum. 3.3. The books and records of the Company and Bohai were available upon reasonable notice for inspection, subject to certain confidentiality restrictions, by the Investor during reasonable business hours at its principal place of business, that all documents, records and books in connection with the sale of the Securities hereunder have been made available for inspection by it and its attorney and/or advisor(s) and that the Investor and/or its advisor has reviewed all such documents, records and books to its full satisfaction and all questions it and/or its advisor may have had been answered to their respective full satisfaction. 3.4. The Investor has been advised to consult the Investors own legal, tax and other advisors with respect to the merits and risks of an investment in the Securities and with respect to applicable resale restrictions, and it is solely responsible (and neither the Company nor the Lead Placement Agent is in any way, directly and/or indirectly, responsible) for compliance with: (a) any applicable laws of the jurisdiction in which the Investor is resident in connection with the distribution of the Securities hereunder, and (b) applicable resale restrictions 7 3.5. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Company and the Placement Agent hereby appoint Escrow Agent as escrow agent in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein and the Escrow Agent hereby accepts such appointment. The Escrow Agent acknowledges that that corporate name of the Company will change following the Closing to Bohai Pharmaceuticals Group Inc. or another corporate name indentified in writing by the Company to the Escrow Agent. __clusterTitleType__17 
 (a) Executive represents and warrants that he is free to enter into this Agreement and to perform the duties required hereunder, and that there are no employment contracts or understandings, restrictive covenants or other restrictions, whether written or oral, preventing the performance of his duties hereunder. (b) Executive agrees to submit to a medical examination and to cooperate and supply such other information and documents as may be required by any insurance company in connection with the Companys obtaining life insurance on the life of Executive, and any other type of insurance or fringe benefit as the Company shall determine from time to time to obtain. (c) Executive represents and warrants that he has never been convicted of a felony and he has not been convicted or incarcerated for a misdemeanor within the past five years, other than a first conviction for drunkenness, simple assault, speeding, minor traffic violations, affray, or disturbance of the peace. (d) Executive represents and warrants that he has never been a party to any judicial or administrative proceeding that resulted in a judgement, decree, or final order (i) enjoining him from future violations of, or prohibiting any violations of any federal or state securities law, or (ii) finding any violations of any federal or state securities law. (e) Executive represents and warrants that he has never been accused of any impropriety in connection with any employment; Any breach of any of the above representations and warranties is justifiable cause for termination under paragraph 7(d) of this Agreement. 8 __clusterTitleType__17 
 I understand that I may not cancel, terminate, or revoke the offer to subscribe to the Note for a period of sixty (60) days or any agreement hereunder at any time and that this Agreement shall survive my death or disability and shall be binding upon my heirs, executors, administrators, beneficiaries, successors and assigns. __clusterTitleType__17 
 As a consultant to the Company, you hereby agree to abide by the Companys policies and procedures which may be implemented from time to time. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Agency is authorized to settle Accounts for less than the entire balance subject to certain Debt Owner restrictions. Agency shall use its best judgement when making a settlement to debtors including payment programs. Agency may accept proposals of compromise or settlement of an Account for less than the agreed upon settlement percentage of the amount owed, subject to Debt Owners prior approval regarding the Account. Repayment schedules will not exceed 120 days on settlements or 12 months on full balance payment arrangements __clusterTitleType__17 
  IDEH agrees that, prior to the Closing Date, Target shall be entitled, through its officers, employees and representatives (including, without limitation, its legal advisors and accountants), to make such investigation of the properties, businesses and operations of IDEH and such examination of the books, records and financial condition of IDEH as it reasonably requests and to make extracts and copies of such books and records. Any such investigation and examination shall be conducted during regular business hours and under reasonable circumstances, and IDEH shall cooperate, and shall cause IDEH to cooperate, fully therein. No investigation by Target prior to or after the date of this Agreement shall diminish or obviate any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements of IDEH contained in this Agreement or any other agreement referenced herein. In order that Target may have full opportunity to make such physical, business, accounting and legal review, examination or investigation as it may reasonably request of the affairs of IDEH, IDEH shall cause the officers, employees, consultants, agents, accountants, attorneys and other representatives of IDEH to cooperate fully with such representatives in connection with such review and examination. __clusterTitleType__17 
  (a)The quality of the solar grade polysilicon hereunder is subject to the quality requirements of industry standard.  (b)Party A shall submit an official testing report to Party B for each patch of goods.  (c)Party B shall make inspection within 15 days upon receiving the goods and shall raise objections in writing within the same period in case of any quality problem.  Otherwise, the Goods are deemed qualified. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Company shall at all times reserve and keep available for issue upon the exercise of Warrants such number of its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock as will be sufficient to permit the exercise in full of all outstanding Warrants. All of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the rights represented by this Warrant will, upon issuance and receipt of the Exercise Price therefor, be fully paid and nonassessable, and free from all preemptive rights, rights of first refusal or first offer, taxes, liens and charges of whatever nature, with respect to the issuance thereof. 5 __clusterTitleType__17 
 Upon exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have and be entitled to exercise, together with all other holders of Registrable Securities possessing registration rights under that certain Registration Rights Agreement, of even date herewith, between the Company and the parties who have executed the counterpart signature pages thereto or are otherwise bound thereby (the "Registration Rights Agreement"), the rights of registration granted under the Registration Rights Agreement (with respect to the Shares issued on exercise of this Warranty). By its receipt of this Warrant, Holder agrees to be bound by the Registration Rights Agreement Upon exercise of this Warrant as a party thereto. __clusterTitleType__23 
 Each Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided to it herein or in the Purchase Agreement or granted by law, including recovery of liquidated or other damages, will be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Agreement. The Company and the Operating Partnership agree that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by them of the provisions of this Agreement and hereby agree to waive in any action for specific performance the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate. __clusterTitleType__26 
 The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision hereof shall in no way affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, this Agreement is intended to confer upon Indemnitee indemnification rights to the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws. In the event any provision hereof conflicts with any applicable law, such provision shall be deemed modified, consistent with the aforementioned intent, to the extent necessary to resolve such conflict. __clusterTitleType__14 
 No part of this Agreement shall be assigned or transferred by either Party without the prior written consent of the other Party. Any such assignment or transfer shall be void. Party A, however, may assign its rights and obligations hereunder to an Affiliate. 21 __clusterTitleType__22 
 The notice shall specify the number of Shares which Optionee desires to purchase under the Option (which number shall be in multiples of One Hundred (100) Shares, excepting any last unexercised amount of less than One Hundred (100) Shares), and shall be accompanied by a check payable to the order of the Company for the full exercise price of the Shares purchased. Alternatively, Optionee may make payment for the Shares utilizing any of the payment methods permitted by the Plan. As soon as practicable after the receipt of such written notice and payment, the Company shall, at its principal office, tender to Optionee a certificate or certificates issued in Optionees name evidencing the Shares thus purchased by Optionee hereunder. __clusterTitleType__17 
 All agreements and obligations of the Company contained herein shall continue upon the later of (a) ten (10) years after the date that Indemnitee shall have ceased to serve as a director of the Company or a director, officer, trustee, partner, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other Enterprise which Indemnitee served at the request 11 of the Company; or (b) one (1) year after the final termination of any Proceeding (including any rights of appeal thereto) in respect of which Indemnitee is granted rights of indemnification or advancement of Expenses hereunder and of any Proceeding commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement relating thereto (including any rights of appeal of any Section 7 Proceeding. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company), assigns, spouses, heirs, executors and personal and legal representatives. __clusterTitleType__21 
  $3,000 __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts (which may include counterparts delivered by facsimile) and, if executed in more than one counterpart, the executed counterparts shall each be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument. __clusterTitleType__10 
 For purposes of this Agreement, (a) the term business day means any day on which the New York Stock Exchange, Inc. is open for trading, (b) except where otherwise expressly provided, the term affiliate has the meaning set forth in Rule 405 under the Securities Act and (c) the term written communication has the meaning set forth in Rule 405 under the Securities Act. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The recitals herein contained are made by the Company and not by the Trustee, and the Trustee assumes no responsibility for the correctness thereof. The Trustee makes no representation as to the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture. [Signature Page Follows.] 3 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed, all as of the date first above written. HARMAN INTERNATIONAL INDUSTRIES, INCORPORATED as Issuer By: /s/ Todd A. Suko Name: Todd A. Suko Title: Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION as Trustee By: /s/ Raymond Delli Colli Name: Raymond Delli Colli Title: Vice President __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Company hereby grants to the Grantee the Restricted Stock, consisting of the number of shares of common stock of the Company, $0.0001 par value, set forth above (the Shares). The Shares have certain restrictions with respect to ownership and transferability, as set forth in this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
 2009 Share Incentive Plan, as it may be amended from time to time. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Company shall indemnify the Indemnitee if the Indemnitee is a party to or threatened to be made a party to or is otherwise involved in any Proceeding (other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company), by reason of the fact that the Indemnitee is or was a director of the Company, or is or was serving at the request of the Company as an agent of another enterprise, against all Expenses, judgments, fines, interest or penalties, and excise taxes assessed with respect to any employee benefit or welfare plan, which are actually and reasonably incurred by the Indemnitee in connection with such a Proceeding, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law; provided, however, that any settlement of a Proceeding must be approved in advance in writing by the Company (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld). __clusterTitleType__17 
 __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Transfer Agreement and the legal relationship between the parties hereto shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Minnesota. __clusterTitleType__7 
 For purposes of this Agreement, the term Committee means the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company or any replacement committee established under, and as more fully defined in, the Plan. -4- __clusterTitleType__17 
  Each of the Target and IDEH shall use its best efforts to (i) take all actions necessary or appropriate to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and (ii) cause the fulfillment at the earliest practicable date of all of the conditions to their respective obligations to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Reviewed by Attorneys. Each Borrower and each Guarantor represents and warrants to Agent and Lenders that it (a) understands fully the terms of this Agreement and the consequences of the execution and delivery of this Agreement, (b) has been afforded an opportunity to discuss this Agreement with, and have this Agreement reviewed by, such attorneys and other persons as such Borrower or such Guarantor may wish, and (c) has entered into this Agreement and executed and delivered all documents in connection herewith of its own free will and accord and without threat, duress or other coercion of any kind by any Person. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that neither this Agreement nor the other documents executed pursuant hereto shall be construed more favorably in favor of one than the other based upon which party drafted the same, it being acknowledged that all parties hereto contributed substantially to the negotiation and preparation of this Agreement and the other documents executed pursuant hereto or in connection herewith. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Where an advance is granted in a personal capacity, to two or more persons, the liability to the Bank shall be joint and several. Where the expression the Borrower refers to two or more persons, these terms and conditions shall be construed as if they were in the plural mutatis mutandis and the covenants and agreements on the part of the Borrower shall have effect as if they were joint and several covenants and agreements by such persons. __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Note may not be amended, modified or changed, nor shall any provision of this Note be deemed waived, other than by an instrument in writing signed by the party against whom enforcement of any such waiver, amendment, change, or modification is sought. __clusterTitleType__8 
  1.Agreement  Every shipment MUST have both a packing slip and an electronic ASN and they both MUST agree.  Each purchase order on that shipment must have its own ASN. A.Packing list must be complete and legible  B.Each trailer has a separate pack list  C.If product comes in from an alternate location do not show on primary pack list  2.ASN Penalties All occurrences of non-compliance regarding the ASN will be penalized as set forth herein . The OReilly Auto Parts receiving department requires an ASN to check in merchandise. All new vendors will be given sixty (60) days from the initial purchase order date to become ASN compliant. After this time, all penalties, $[*] per purchase order will apply. Penalties are applicable for the following: A.No Show (no ASN provided by vendor)  B.Late ASN (shipment arrived prior to the ASN)  C.Error in ASN (one of the following required fields was not filled out):  1.Valid OReilly Auto Parts purchase order number  2.Valid OReilly Auto Parts sku numbers  3.Valid vendor manufacturing numbers  4.BOL ( BOL ) number 3.Packing Slip Information  The packing slip must cover only what is shipped on that delivery.  It must be prepared to the same level as the OReilly Auto Parts purchase order with the order number, MFG number, piece count and the total piece count shown. A maximum of one purchase order shall be shown on each packing slip. __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Agreement, together with any contemporaneous written agreements and any prior written agreements (to the extent not superseded by this Agreement) that relate to the offering of the Securities, represents the entire agreement between the Company and the Placement Agents with respect to the preparation of the Time of Sale Memorandum, either Memorandum, the conduct of the offering, and the purchase and sale of the Securities. __clusterTitleType__6 
 2.1 The Placement Agent and/or the Company will direct the Investors in the Offering to deliver the Escrowed Funds to the Escrow Agent on or prior to the closing of the Offering, addressed to the following account of the Escrow Agent: Domestic Wires Virginia Commerce Bank Leesburg, VA ABA# 056005253 Account Name: Escrow, LLC Account #: 01194186 Reference: Link Resources, Inc. International Wires Correspondent Bank: Wells Fargo Bank San Francisco, CA SWIFT# WFBIUS6S Credit Acct: 412-11-08146 Virginia Commerce Bank FBO Account Name: Escrow, LLC Account #: 01194186 Reference: Link Resources, Inc. 2.2 (a) All Investors checks shall be made payable to Escrow, LLC, as agent for Link Resources, Inc. and shall be delivered to the Escrow Agent at the address set forth on Exhibit A hereto and shall be accompanied by a written account of subscription in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B and executed by each Investor (the Subscription Information). The Escrow Agent shall, upon receipt of Subscription Information, together with the related purchase price being paid by such Investor therefore (the Investment Amount), deposit the related Investment Amount of such Subscription Information in the Escrow Account for collection; or (b) all funds to be wired shall be wired to the account set forth in Section 2.1 above and written Subscription Information shall be faxed or emailed to the Escrow Agent in accordance with the information provided on Exhibit A. 2.3 Any checks which are received by Escrow Agent that are made payable to a party other than the Escrow Agent shall be returned directly to the Placement Agent together with any documents delivered therewith. Simultaneously with each deposit of a check with the Escrow Agent, the Placement Agent shall provide the Escrow Agent with the Subscription Information to include the name, address and taxpayer identification number of each Investor and of the aggregate principal amount of Securities subscribed for by such Investor. The Escrow Agent is not obligated, and may refuse, to accept checks that are not accompanied by a Subscription Information containing the requisite information. 2 2.4 In the event a wire transfer is received by the Escrow Agent and the Escrow Agent has not received Subscription Information, the Escrow Agent shall notify the Placement Agent. If the Escrow Agent does not receive the Subscription Information by such Investor prior to close of business on the third business day (days other than a Saturday or Sunday or other day on which the Escrow Agent is not open for business in the State of Texas) after notifying Placement Agent of receipt of said wire, the Escrow Agent shall return the funds to such Investor. __clusterTitleType__17 
 (a)Purchase of Units Subject to the satisfaction (or waiver) of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Buyer agrees to purchase at the Closing (as defined herein) and the Company agrees to sell and issue to the Buyer, at Closing, Unitsin amounts corresponding to the Purchase Price at Closing.The Debentures purchased by Buyer shall have a maturity date of one (3) years from the Closing. Upon execution hereof by Buyer, the Buyer shall wire transfer the portion of the Purchase Price necessary to purchase the Units to be acquired in the Closing to: Greentree Financial Group, Inc. as Escrow Agent for Angel Assets Management Limited and Man Shing Agricultural. (Escrow Agent). (b)Closing Date The Closing of the purchase and sale of the Units shall take place on the 4th day of January, 2010 subject to notification of satisfaction of the conditions to the Closing set forth herein and in Sections 6 and 7 below (or such later date as is mutually agreed to by the Company and the Buyer(s)) (the Closing Date). The Closing shall occur on the respective Closing Date at the offices of Greentree Financial Group, Inc. 7951 S.W. 6th Street, Suite 216, Plantation, FL 33324 (or such other place as is mutually agreed to by the Company and the Buyer(s). (c) Escrow Arrangements; Form of Payment Upon execution hereof by Buyer and pending the Closing and disbursement, the Purchase Pricefor the Units to be purchased at the Closing shall be deposited in an escrow account (the Escrow Account) with Greentree Financial Group, Inc. as escrow agent (the Escrow Agent), pursuant to the terms of the Escrow Agreement. Subject to the satisfaction of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, on the Closing Date, (i) the Escrow Agent shall deliver to the Company in accordance with the terms of the Escrow Agreement that portion of the Escrow Funds (as that term is defined in the Escrow Agreement) equal to the gross amount of the Units being purchased by the Buyer on the Closing Dateas set forth on Schedule I (minus the fees and expenses as set forth herein which shall be paid directly from the Escrow Funds at such Closing) by wire transfer of immediately available funds and (ii) the Company shall deliver to the Buyer, Units which the Buyer is purchasing duly executed on behalf of the Company. __clusterTitleType__17 
  (a) The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the right of the Director to indemnification or create a presumption that the Director did not act in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that the Director had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful (b) Reliance as Safe Harbor For purposes of any determination of good faith, the Director shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if the Directors action is based on the records or books of account of the Enterprise, including financial statements, or on information supplied to the Director by the officers of the Enterprise in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for the Enterprise or on information or records given or reports made to the Enterprise by an independent certified public accountant, appraiser, financial advisor or other expert selected with the reasonable care by the Enterprise. The provisions of this Section 7(e) shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit in any way the other circumstances in which the Director may be deemed to have met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in this Agreement. The knowledge or actions, or failure to act, of any director, officer, agent or employee of the Enterprise shall not be imputed to the Director for purposes of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Nothing contained in this Agreement or the Plan shall be construed to confer on you any right to continue in the employ of the MSG Group or the Cablevision Group, or derogate from the right of the MSG Group or the Cablevision Group to retire, request the resignation of, or discharge you, at any time, with or without cause. __clusterTitleType__28 
 A. The Company will pay Employee $150.00 per month cell phone allowance. This allowance is in lieu of reimbursement for any cell phone telephone calls and any other cell phone related expense. We agree that excluding the $150.00, you will not be reimbursed for any cell phone related expense. Employee will also be responsible for obtaining Employees own cell phone and obtaining service on that phone. B. The Company will provide Employee with a laptop computer and a wireless card. Employee specifically understands that the use of that laptop will be subject to any computer usage policy adopted by the Company as modified from time to time. C. Excluding the items described in subparagraphs A to C, Employee will be reimbursed for all reasonable and appropriately substantiated out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Employee at the request of, and subject to the authorization of the Board This will include meal expenses while staying in the accommodation close to Company location. With respect to those expenses, Employee agrees that the per meal expense shall be limited to $15.00 for breakfast, $20.00 for lunch and $40.00 for dinner or a total per diem amount of $75.00 a day. Any expenses in excess of $1,000.00 will require advance written authorization as a condition of reimbursement. In order to receive reimbursement, Employee will be required to submit an expense report that includes all receipts for expenses incurred over $100.00. Upon receipt of the expense report, Employees expense reimbursement will be processed in accordance with the Companys normal accounting procedures as modified from time to time. 4 of 11 __clusterTitleType__17 
 1.1. From and after the Stockholder Approval Date as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement through and including the Expiration Date, the Holder shall be entitled to receive, upon exercise of this Warrant in whole or in part, shares of Common Stock of the Company, subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 5, by delivery of an original or electronic copy of the exercise notice attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Exercise Notice) along with payment to the Company of the Exercise Price. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, this Warrant shall not be exercisable prior to the Stockholder Approval Date. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Willis US shall indemnify Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3 if Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant in any Proceeding, other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company or Willis US to procure a judgment in its favor. Pursuant to this Section 3, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses, judgments, fines, liabilities, losses, damages and amounts paid in settlement actually and 2 reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on his behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company and, in the case of a criminal proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful. Indemnitee shall not enter into any settlement in connection with a Proceeding without 10 days prior notice to Willis US. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The parties shall enter into a cell purchase agreement within 3 days after Party B confirms purchase orders from an overseas customer and gives notice to Party A, provided the sales price is within the price range provided in Article 1, or after Party B obtains consent from Party A (if the price is lower than the minimal price provided in Article 1). Sales price of cells shall be determined in accordance with provisions set forth above, and the cells shall be delivered no later than one month after the execution of a cells purchase agreement. Payment shall be made within three days upon delivery. The advance payment from Party B to Party A at the amount of RMB30 million as set forth in the Strategic Cooperation Agreement between the parties dated December 3, 2008 will be deducted from Party Bs payment to Party A in the amount equaling to 10% of each purchase price. Such deduction arrangement does not apply to the initial installment to be returned by Party A to Party B in the amount of RMB50 million. The settlement date of each cells purchase agreement shall be the day on which the refund is deducted accordingly. 2 This agreement is to supplement the Strategic Cooperation Agreement dated December 3, 2008 and shall have the same legal effect therewith. Matters that are not provided herein shall be resolved by the parties through negotiation. This agreement shall be executed in two counterparts, each of which shall be held by each party, and shall come into effect upon execution by both parties. Party A: Chongqing Daqo New Energy Co., Ltd. Party B: SUMEC Hardware & Tools Co., Ltd. Signature: /s/ Signature: /s/ (company seal) (company seal) Date: December 12, 2008 Date: December 12, 2008 Note: * Indicates where text has been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The omitted materials have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 3 __clusterTitleType__17 
  __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Transfer Agreement and the legal relationship between the parties hereto shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Minnesota. __clusterTitleType__7 
  (a)resolve to capitalise an amount standing to the credit of reserves (including a share premium account, capital redemption reserve and profit and loss account), whether or not available for distribution;  (b)appropriate the sum resolved to be capitalised to the Members in proportion to the nominal amount of shares (whether or not fully paid) held by them respectively and apply that sum on their behalf in or towards:  (i)paying up the amounts (if any) for the time being unpaid on shares held by them respectively; or  (ii)paying up in full unissued shares or debentures of a nominal amount equal to that sum,  and allot the shares or debentures, credited as fully paid, to the Members (or as they may direct) in those proportions, or partly in one way and partly in the other, but the share premium account, the capital redemption reserved and profits which are not available for distribution may, for the purposes of this Article, only be applied in paying up unissued shares to be allotted to Members credited as fully paid; (c)make any arrangements it thinks fit to resolve a difficulty arising in the distribution of a capitalised reserve and in particular, without limitation, where shares or debentures become distributable in fractions the Board may deal with the fractions as it thinks fit;  (d)authorise a person to enter (on behalf of all the Members concerned) an agreement with the Company providing for either:  (i)the allotment to the Members respectively, credited as fully paid, of shares or debentures to which they may be entitled on the capitalisation, or  (ii)the payment by the Company on behalf of the Members (by the application of their respective operations of the reserves resolved to be capitalised) of the amounts or part of the amounts remaining unpaid on their existing shares,  an agreement made under the authority being effective and binding on all those Members; and (e)generally do all acts and things required to give effect to the resolution.  NOTICES __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Investor is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length investor with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereunder. The Company further acknowledges that the Investor is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereunder and any advice given by the Investor or any of its representatives or agents in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereunder is merely incidental to the Investors purchase of the Shares hereunder. The Company is aware and acknowledges that it may not be able to request Advances under this Agreement if the Registration Statement ceases to be effective or if any issuances of Common Stock pursuant to any Advances would violate any rules of the Principal Market. Article V. Indemnification The Investor and the Company covenant to the other the following with respect to itself: __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Warrant need not be changed because of any adjustment pursuant to the terms herein, and any form of warrant issued after such adjustment may state the same Purchase Price and the same number of shares as is stated in this Warrant. However, the Company may at any time in its sole discretion make any change in the form of this Warrant that the Company may deem appropriate and that does not affect the substance thereof, and any warrant thereafter issued, whether in exchange or substitution for this Warrant or otherwise, may be in the form as so changed. The Company agrees to notify the Holder of any adjustment to the number of shares or Purchase Price of the Warrant, any changes to the form of this Warrant or any other change pursuant to the terms herein. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The headings of the sections of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof. (Remainder of page intentionally left blank) 11 The parties have caused this Agreement to be signed as of the day and year first above written. WILLIS NORTH AMERICA INC. By: Name: Title: INDEMNITEE By: Name: 12 __clusterTitleType__24 
 Able Energy, Inc. 6,026,958 Shares of Series A Preferred Stock Evergreen Financial Services, Inc. 3,894,367 Shares of Series A Preferred Stock Green Tree Capital Group 78,675 Shares of Series A Preferred Stock Total 10,000,000 Shares of Series A Preferred Stock 6 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Exousia Advanced Materials, Inc. has caused this certificate to be duly executed as of this 31st day of December, 2009. EXOUSIA ADVANCED MATERIALS, INC. By://s//J. Wayne Rodrigue Name: J. Wayne Rodrigue Title:CEO/President/Chairman Attest: //s//Brenda Rodrigue Secretary or Assistant Secretary 7 __clusterTitleType__17 
 Eligible for Reallocations to and from Other Series in Group Yes. Series Termination Date The first Distribution Date occurring 12 months after the date on which the final payment has been made with respect to all Senior Series. Classes, if any, subject to Regulation S restrictions Not applicable. Classes, if any, subject to ERISA restrictions Subordinated Class. Bearer Certificates Not applicable. Registered Certificates Subordinated Certificate. Subordinated Certificate Each certificate executed by the Sellers and authenticated by or on behalf of the Trustee, substantially in the form of Exhibit A. Paying Agent The Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee. __clusterTitleType__17 
  To the fullest extent permitted by law, Company shall indemnify Executive (including the advancement of expenses) for any judgments, fines, amounts paid in settlement and reasonable expenses, including attorneys fees, incurred by Executive in connection with the defense of any lawsuit or other claim to which Executive is made a party by reason of being an officer, director or employee of Company or any of its Subsidiaries. __clusterTitleType__25 
 , CONSOLIDATIONS , SALES In the case of any consolidation or merger of the Company with another entity (regardless of whether the Company is the surviving entity), or the sale of all or substantially all of its assets to another entity, or any reorganization or reclassification of the Common Stock or other equity securities of the Company, then, as a condition of such consolidation, merger, sale, reorganization or reclassification, lawful and adequate provision shall be made whereby the Holder shall thereafter have the right to receive upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified herein and in lieu of the shares of Common Stock immediately theretofore purchasable hereunder, such shares of stock, securities or assets (including, without limitation, cash), if any, as may (by virtue of such consolidation, merger, sale, reorganization or reclassification) be issued or payable with respect to or in exchange for a number of outstanding shares of Common Stock equal to the number of shares of Common Stock immediately theretofore so purchasable hereunder had such consolidation, merger, sale, reorganization or reclassification not taken place, and in any such case appropriate provisions shall be made with respect to the rights and interests of the Holder to the end that the provisions hereof shall thereafter be applicable, as nearly as may be, in relation to any shares of stock, securities or assets thereafter deliverable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Company shall not effect any such consolidation, merger or sale unless (a) the Company provides the holder hereof with not less than 10 days prior written notice of such consolidation, merger or sale (provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such corporate event), and (b) prior to the consummation thereof, the successor entity (if other than the Company) resulting from consolidation or merger or the entity purchasing such assets assumes, by written instrument, the obligation to deliver to each such holder such shares of stock, securities or assets as, in accordance with the foregoing provisions, such holder may be entitled to acquire. __clusterTitleType__17 
  Subject to any applicable abandoned property law, any money deposited with the Trustee or any Paying Agent, or then held by the Issuer or its Wholly Owned Subsidiary, in trust for the payment of the principal of or interest on any Note and remaining unclaimed for two years after such principal or interest has become due and payable shall be paid to the Issuer on its request or (if then held by the Issuer or its Wholly Owned Subsidiary) shall be discharged from such trust; and the Holder of such Note shall thereafter, as an unsecured general creditor, look only to the Issuer for payment thereof, and all liability of the Trustee or such Paying Agent with respect to such trust money, and all liability of the Issuer as trustee thereof, shall thereupon cease; provided, however, that the Trustee or such Paying Agent, before being required to make any such repayment, may at the expense of the Issuer, cause to be published once, in the New York Times (national edition) and the Wall Street Journal (national edition), notice that such money remains unclaimed and that, after a date specified therein, which shall not be less than 30 days from the date of such notification or publication, any unclaimed balance of such money then remaining will be repaid to the Issuer. __clusterTitleType__17 
  The Company agrees not to make any public sale or distribution of its equity securities, or any securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for its equity securities, including a sale under Regulation D of the Securities Act or under any other exemption of the Securities Act (except as part of the underwritten registration or pursuant to registrations on Form S-8 or any successor form), during the seven days prior to and the 90 days after the effective date of any underwritten Demand Registration or any underwritten Piggyback Registration unless the managing underwriters agree otherwise. The Company also agrees to use its reasonable best efforts to cause each holder of at least 5% (on a fully diluted basis) of its equity securities or any securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for at least 5% (on a fully diluted basis) of its equity securities (other than Registrable Securities), purchased from the Company at any time on or after the date of this Agreement (other than in a registered public offering) to agree not to make any public sale or distribution of those securities, including a sale pursuant to Rule 144 of the Securities Act (except as part of the underwritten registration, if permitted), during the seven days prior to and the 90 days after the effective date of the registration unless the managing underwriters agree otherwise. __clusterTitleType__17 
 In the event of a merger, consolidation, recapitalization or reorganization of the Company or a reclassification of Company shares of stock, which results in an adjustment to the number of shares subject to this Warrant and/or the Exercise Price hereunder, the Company agrees to issue to the Warrant Holder a substitute Warrant reflecting the adjusted number of shares and/or Exercise Price upon the surrender of this Warrant to the Company. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Each of the Makers shall be jointly and severally liable hereunder regardless of which of the Makers actually receives the proceeds of any indebtedness evidenced hereby, or the manner in which the Makers, the Administrative Agent or any of the Lenders account therefor in their respective books and records. Each Makers obligations and liabilities with respect to the indebtedness evidenced hereby, and each Makers obligations and liabilities arising as a result of the joint and several liability of the Makers hereunder, shall be primary and distinct obligations of such Maker. The joint and several liability of each Maker hereunder shall be impaired or released by (i) any failure of the Payee, the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any other Lender, or any successors or assigns thereof, to assert any claim or demand or to exercise or enforce any right, power or remedy against any other Maker, any other Loan Party, any other Person, any collateral security or otherwise; (ii) any extension or renewal for any period (whether or not longer than the original period) or exchange of any of the indebtedness evidenced hereby or the release or compromise of any obligation of any nature of any Person with respect thereto; (iii) any surrender, release or exchange of all or any part of any collateral now or hereafter securing payment, performance and/or observance of any of the indebtedness evidenced hereby or the compromise or extension or renewal for any period (whether or not longer than the original period) of any obligations of any nature of any Person with respect to any such property; (iv) any action or inaction on the part of the Payee, the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any other Lender, or any other event or condition with respect to any other Maker, including any such action or inaction or other event or condition, which might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, such other Maker, or a guarantor or surety of or for any or all of the indebtedness evidenced hereby; and (v) any other act, matter or thing (other than payment or performance of the indebtedness evidenced hereby) which would or might, in the absence of this provision, operate to release, discharge or otherwise prejudicially affect the obligations of such or any other Maker. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Dividend Equivalents are not payable with respect to your PSUs. Upon issuance of your PSU Shares at the time of vesting or otherwise as provided for herein, you will then be entitled to receive dividends as and when declared upon the Shares by the Company. __clusterTitleType__17 
 However, if the Company desires to move its office out of such area, or any other area it thereafter designates, the Company shall provide Executive with no less than one (1) years time to complete his relocation. The Company shall pay the Executive's reasonable moving expenses. __clusterTitleType__17 
 __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Company may, by written notice to each holder of the Warrant, appoint an agent for the purpose of issuing Common Stock (or Other Securities) on the exercise of this Warrant pursuant to Section 1, exchanging this Warrant pursuant to Section 8, and replacing this Warrant pursuant to Section 9, or any of the foregoing, and thereafter any such issuance, exchange or replacement, as the case may be, shall be made at such office by such agent. __clusterTitleType__17 
 (a) At-Will Employment You should be aware that your employment with the Company is for no specified period and constitutes at-will employment. As a result, either you or the Company may terminate your employment with the Company at any time and for any or no reason. We request that you give the Company at least thirty (30) days notice in the event of a resignation without Good Reason (as defined under Section 6 below). (b) Position and Duties As of the Effective Date, you will serve as the Chief Operating Officer of the Company, reporting directly to me, the Companys Chief Executive Officer. In this position, you will be expected to devote your full business time, attention and energies to the performance of your duties with the Company. __clusterTitleType__13 
 The Term of this Agreement shall commence on the date hereof and shall continue in effect through December 31, 2010; provided, however, that effective January 1, 2011 and each January 1 thereafter, the Term that is then in effect shall automatically be extended for one additional year unless the Company has given notice before the January 1 in question that the Term that is in effect at the time such notice is given will not be extended; and further provided, however, that if a Change in Control occurs during the Term, the Term shall expire no earlier than twelve (12) calendar months after the calendar month in which such Change in Control occurs. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement shall terminate if the Executive ceases to be an employee of the Company and its subsidiaries for any reason prior to a Change in Control.However, anything in this Agreement (including the preceding sentence) to the contrary notwithstanding, if a Change in Control occurs and if, within three months prior to the date on which such Change in Control occurs, the Executive's employment with the Company is terminated by the Company without Cause or an event occurs that would, if it took place after the Change in Control, constitute Good Reason for termination of employment by the Executive, and if it is reasonably demonstrated by the Executive that such termination of employment by the Company or event constituting Good Reason for termination of employment by the Executive (a) was undertaken at the request of a third party who has taken steps reasonably calculated to effect the Change in Control, or (b) otherwise arose in connection with or in anticipation of the Change in Control, then for purposes of this Agreement such termination of employment by the Company without Cause or event constituting Good Reason shall be deemed to occur during the 12 month period following the Change in Control and, if the Executive terminates his employment for such Good Reason before the Change in Control, such termination of employment by the Executive shall likewise be deemed to occur during the 12 month period following the Change in Control. __clusterTitleType__18 
 Upon the reasonable request of the Buyer, the Seller will on and after the Closing Date execute and deliver to the Buyer such other documents, releases, assignments and other instruments as may be required to effectuate completely the transfer and assignment to the Buyer of, and to vest fully in the Buyer title to, the Shares, and to otherwise carry out the purposes of this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
 a. CITGO may assign this Agreement and any or all of its rights, duties, obligations and liabilities under this Agreement, in whole or in part, to any third party. b. This Agreement may not be assigned by UNBRANDED MARKETER except with CITGOs prior written consent. In the event more than thirty-five percent (35%) of the ownership interest of UNBRANDED MARKETERs business is sold, transferred, or otherwise disposed of, UNBRANDED MARKETER must notify CITGO thirty (30) days prior to the transfer of any such ownership interest in UNBRANDED MARKETERs business. __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Agreement will be interpreted according to the laws of the State of Florida. Any conflict not resolved by out-of-court negotiation between the parties shall be heard in a court with appropriate jurisdiction located in Sarasota County Florida. __clusterTitleType__7 
 Neither the Option nor any interest in the Option may be transferred other than by will or the laws of descent or distribution, and this Option may be exercised during your lifetime only by you or your guardian or legal representative. VIRGIN MEDIA INC. By: Name: Title: __clusterTitleType__17 
 For the purpose of this Agreement, notices and all other communications provided for in the Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when delivered or mailed by United States registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed, if to the Executive, to his most recent address shown on the books and records of the Company at the time notice is given and, if to the Company, to the address set forth below, or to such other address as either party may have furnished to the other in writing in accordance herewith, except that notice of change of address shall be effective only upon actual receipt: To the Company: AngioDynamics, Inc. 603 Queensbury Avenue Queensbury, NY 12804 Attention: Chief Executive Officer __clusterTitleType__4 
 The captions in this agreement are for convenience only and are not to be considered in construing this agreement. The Exhibits annexed to this agreement are an integral part of this agreement, and where there is any reference to this agreement it shall be deemed to include said Exhibits. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof. __clusterTitleType__24 
 Whenever possible, each provision or portion of any provision of this Agreement will be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law but if any provision or portion of any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or rule in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not affect any other provision or portion of any provision in such jurisdiction, and this Agreement will be reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision or portion of any provision had never been contained herein. __clusterTitleType__14 
 The Holder and the Maker hereby waive the benefit of any statute or rule of law or judicial decision which would otherwise require that the provisions of this Note be construed or interpreted more strongly against the party responsible for the drafting thereof. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Note has been issued as of date first written above. MAKER: Ecology Coatings, Inc. /s/ Robert G. Crockett Robert G. Crockett Chief Executive Officer Mailing Address of Holder: JB Smith LC 2701 Cambridge Court Suite 425, Auburn Hills, MI 48326 Mailing Address of Maker: Ecology Coatings, Inc. 2701 Cambridge Court Suite 100 Auburn Hills, MI 48326 __clusterTitleType__17 
 All notices and other communications from the Company to the Holder of this Warrant shall be mailed by first class, registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, to the address furnished to the Company in writing by the Holder. __clusterTitleType__4 
 Subject to the provisions of this Subscription Agreement, the Company, on the one hand, and the Subscriber, on the other hand, will pay all fees and expenses (including, without limitation, legal fees and expenses) incurred by them in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder. __clusterTitleType__17 
 All agreements between the Borrower and the Lender are hereby expressly limited so that in no contingency or event whatsoever, whether by reason of acceleration of maturity of the indebtedness evidenced hereby or otherwise, shall the amount paid or agreed to be paid to the Lender for the use, forbearance, or detention of the indebtedness evidenced hereby exceed the maximum permissible amount under applicable law. If, from any circumstance whatsoever, fulfillment of any provision hereof at the time performance of such provision shall be due shall involve transcending the limit of validity prescribed by law, the obligation to be fulfilled shall automatically be reduced to the limit of such validity, and if from any circumstances the Lender should ever receive as interest an amount which would exceed the highest lawful rate, such amount which would be excessive interest shall be applied to the reduction of the principal balance evidenced hereby and not to the payment of interest, and, if the principal amount of this Note has been paid in full, shall be refunded to the Borrower. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Notices, approvals, and requests for approvals provided for and allowed herein shall be given in writing, and shall be addressed and sent certified mail, return receipt requested or by way of national air courier, addressed as follows: To Oliphant Financial Group, LLC To Performance Capital Management LLC 9009 Town Center Parkway 7001 Village Dr Suite 255 Lakewood Ranch, FL 34202 Buena Park, CA. 90621 3 of 5 __clusterTitleType__4 
 Except as expressly required by the securities laws of the United States of America, neither party shall disclose any payments under this Agreement unless prior approval of the other party is obtained. If any payment information must be disclosed, the Company shall afford the Indemnitee an opportunity to review all such disclosures and, if requested, to explain in such statement any mitigating circumstances regarding the events to be reported. __clusterTitleType__17 
  The Company and the Warrant Agent may from time to time supplement or amend this Agreement without the approval of any holders of Warrant Certificates in order to cure any ambiguity or to correct or supplement any provision contained herein which may be defective or inconsistent with any other provision herein, or to make any other provisions in regard to matters or questions arising hereunder which the Company and the Warrant Agent may deem necessary or desirable and which shall not in any way adversely affect the interests of the holders of Warrant Certificates theretofore issued. Upon the delivery of a certificate from an appropriate officer of the Company which states that the proposed supplement or amendment is in compliance with the terms of this Section 18, the Warrant Agent shall execute such supplement or amendment. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the prior written consent of the Warrant Agent must be obtained in connection with any supplement or amendment which alters the rights or duties of the Warrant Agent. The Company and the Warrant Agent may amend any provision herein with the consent of the holders of Warrants exercisable for a majority of the Warrant Shares issuable on exercise of all outstanding Warrants that would be affected by such amendment. __clusterTitleType__15 
  Upon the Effective Date, the Credit Agreement shall be amended as follows: The definition of Americas Consolidated EBITDA set forth in Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement shall be amended by adding at the end of clause (b) thereof the phrase , provided that, in measuring Americas Consolidated EBITDA under Section 7.14(a) for the Measurement Period ending January 31, 2010 (and, for the avoidance of doubt, not for purposes of measuring Americas Consolidated EBITDA with respect to any other Measurement Period), Americas Consolidated EBITDA shall be reduced by such cash payments only to the extent they exceed $3 million. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Any notice, request, instruction or other document required by the terms of this Agreement to be given to any other Party hereto shall be in writing and shall be given either (a)by telephonic facsimile, in which case notice shall be presumptively deemed to have been given at the date and time displayed on the senders transmission confirmation receipt showing the successful receipt thereof by the recipient; (b)by hand delivery or Federal Express or other method in which the date of delivery is recorded by the delivery service, in which case notice shall be presumptively deemed to have been given at the time that records of the delivery service indicate the writing was delivered to the addressee; (c)by prepaid telegram, in which case notice shall be presumptively deemed to have been given at the time that the records of the telegraphic agency indicate that the telegram was telephoned or delivered to the recipient or addressee, as the case may be; or (d)by U. __clusterTitleType__4 
 All agreements and obligations of the Company contained herein shall continue during the period that the Indemnitee is a director of the Company (or is or was serving at the request of the Company as an agent of another enterprise, foreign or domestic) and shall continue thereafter so long as the Indemnitee shall be subject to any possible Proceeding by reason of the fact that the Indemnitee was a director of the Company or serving in any other capacity referred to in this Paragraph 10. __clusterTitleType__25 
 Delivery of, and payment of the purchase price for, the Underwritten Securities and the Option Securities (if the option provided for in Section 2(b) hereof shall have been exercised on or before the third Business Day prior to the Closing Date) shall be made at 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on January 12, 2010 (such date and time, the Closing Date) at the offices of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP, 4 Times Square, New York, New York 10036. The Closing Date and the location of, delivery of and the form of payment for the Securities may be varied by mutual agreement between the Underwriters and the Company. Delivery of the Securities shall be made to the Representatives for the respective accounts of the several Underwriters against payment by the several Underwriters through the Representatives of the purchase price therefor by means of transfer of immediately available funds to such account or accounts specified by the Company in accordance with its obligations under Section 4(h) hereof on or prior to the Closing Date, or by such means as the parties hereto shall agree prior to the Closing Date. Delivery of the Underwritten Securities and the Option Securities shall be made through the facilities of The Depository Trust Company (DTC) unless the Representatives shall otherwise instruct. If the option provided for in Section 2 hereof is exercised after the third Business Day prior to the Closing Date, the Company will deliver the Option Securities (at the expense of the Company) to the Representatives, at 388 Greenwich Street, New York, New York, on the date specified by the Representatives (which shall be within three Business Days after exercise of said option) for the respective accounts of the several Underwriters, against payment by the several Underwriters through the Representatives of the purchase price therefor by means of transfer of immediately available funds to such account or accounts specified by the Company. If settlement for the Option Securities occurs after the Closing Date (such date of settlement if not the Closing Date, the settlement date), the Company will deliver to the Representatives on the settlement date for the Option Securities, and the obligation of the Underwriters to purchase the Option Securities shall be conditioned upon receipt of, supplemental opinions, certificates 4 and letters confirming as of such date the opinions, certificates and letters delivered on the Closing Date pursuant to Section 8 hereof. __clusterTitleType__17 
 (a)Right to Exercise. This Option shall be exercisable during its term in accordance with the Vesting Schedule set out in the Notice of Grant and with the applicable provisions of the Plan and this Option Agreement. (b)Method of Exercise. This Option shall be exercisable by delivery of an exercise notice in the form attached as Exhibit A (the Exercise Notice), which shall state the election to exercise the Option, the number of Shares with respect to which the Option is being exercised, and such other representations and agreements as may be required by the Corporation. The Exercise Notice shall be accompanied by payment of the aggregate Exercise Price as to all Exercised Shares. This Option shall be deemed to be exercised upon receipt by the Corporation of such fully executed Exercise Notice accompanied by the aggregate Exercise Price. (c)Compliance with Law. No Shares shall be issued pursuant to the exercise of an Option unless such issuance and such exercise comply with Applicable Law. Assuming such compliance, for income tax purposes the Shares shall be considered transferred to the Optionee on the date on which the Option is exercised with respect to such Shares. 24 __clusterTitleType__1 
 This Agreement may not be assigned by Marketer except with CITGOs prior written consent which will not be unreasonably withheld. In the event more than thirty-five percent (35%) of the ownership interest of Marketers business is sold, transferred, or otherwise disposed of, whether by stock or asset transfer, then CITGO reserves the right to deem such a transfer an attempt to assign this Agreement. In any event, Marketer must notify CITGO thirty (30) days prior to the transfer of any ownership interest in Marketers business. __clusterTitleType__17 
 (a) ADRs in certificated form shall be engraved, printed or otherwise reproduced at the discretion of the Depositary in accordance with its customary practices in its American depositary receipt business, or at the request of the Company typewritten and photocopied on plain or safety paper, and shall be substantially in the form set forth in the form of ADR, with such changes as may be required by the Depositary or the Company to comply with their obligations hereunder, any applicable law, regulation or usage or to indicate any special limitations or restrictions to which any particular ADRs are subject. ADRs may be issued in denominations of any number of ADSs. ADRs in certificated form shall be executed by the Depositary by the manual or facsimile signature of a duly authorized officer of the Depositary. ADRs in certificated form bearing the facsimile signature of anyone who was at the time of execution a duly authorized officer of the Depositary shall bind the Depositary, notwithstanding that such officer has ceased to hold such office prior to the delivery of such ADRs. 2 (b) Direct Registration ADRs. Notwithstanding anything in this Deposit Agreement or in the form of ADR to the contrary, ADSs shall be evidenced by Direct Registration ADRs, unless certificated ADRs are specifically requested by the Holder. (c) Holders shall be bound by the terms and conditions of this Deposit Agreement and of the form of ADR, regardless of whether their ADRs are Direct Registration ADRs or certificated ADRs. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Base Compensation: $200,000 per year, payable bi-weekly as an employee of Antenna Products Corporation, effective September 1, 2009. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Delivery of, and payment of the purchase price for, the Underwritten Securities and the Option Securities (if the option provided for in Section 2(b) hereof shall have been exercised on or before the third Business Day prior to the Closing Date) shall be made at 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on January 12, 2010 (such date and time, the Closing Date) at the offices of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP, 4 Times Square, New York, New York 10036. The Closing Date and the location of, delivery of and the form of payment for the Securities may be varied by mutual agreement between the Underwriters and the Company. Delivery of the Securities shall be made to the Representative for the respective accounts of the several Underwriters against payment by the several Underwriters through the Representatives of the purchase price therefor by means of transfer of immediately available funds to such account or accounts specified by the Company in accordance with its obligations under Section 4(h) hereof on or prior to the Closing Date, or by such means as the parties hereto shall agree prior to the Closing Date. Delivery of the Underwritten Securities and the Option Securities shall be made through the facilities of The Depository Trust Company (DTC) unless the Representative shall otherwise instruct. If the option provided for in Section 2 hereof is exercised after the third Business Day prior to the Closing Date, the Company will deliver the Option Securities (at the expense of the Company) to the Representatives, at 388 Greenwich Street, New York, New York, on the date specified by the Representatives (which shall be within three Business Days after exercise of said option) for the respective accounts of the several Underwriters, against payment by the several Underwriters through the Representatives of the purchase price therefor by means of transfer of immediately available funds to such account or accounts specified by the Company. If settlement for the Option Securities occurs after the Closing Date (such date of settlement if not the Closing Date, the settlement date), the Company will deliver to the Representatives on the settlement date for the Option Securities, and the obligation of the Underwriters to purchase the Option Securities shall be conditioned upon receipt of, supplemental opinions, certificates and letters confirming as of such date the opinions, certificates and letters delivered on the Closing Date pursuant to Section 8 hereof. __clusterTitleType__17 
  (a)The Plan shall be administered by the Committee.  All of the members of the Committee and any other Directors shall be eligible to be selected for Grants under the Plan; provided, however, that to the extent the Board of Directors determines it is necessary or desirable to satisfy any regulation or rule, whether under Section 16 of the Exchange Act or otherwise related to the Grants, the members of the Committee shall qualify under such regulation or rules. The Committee may adopt its own rules of procedure, and the action of a majority of the Committee, taken at a meeting or taken without a meeting by a writing signed by such majority, shall constitute action by the Committee. The Committee shall have the power and authority to administer, construe and interpret the Plan, to make rules for carrying it out and to make changes in such rules. The Committee shall also have the power to establish sub-plans, which may constitute separate schemes, for the purpose of establishing schemes which qualify for approval by the Her Majestys Revenue and Customs or meet any special tax or regulatory requirements anywhere in the world. Any such interpretations, rules, administration and sub-plans shall be consistent with the basic purposes of the plan. (b)The Committee may delegate to the Chief Executive Officer and to other senior officers of Willis Group its duties under the Plan subject to such conditions and limitations as the Committee shall prescribe except that only the Committee may designate and make Grants to Participants who are subject to section 16 of the Exchange Act.  3 (c)The Committee may employ attorneys, consultants, accountants, appraisers, brokers of other person.  The Committee, Willis Group, and the officers and Directors of Willis Group shall be entitled to rely upon the advice, opinions or valuations of any such persons. All actions taken and all interpretations and determinations made by the Committee in good faith shall be final and binding upon all Participants, Willis Group and all other interested persons. No member of the Committee shall be personally liable for any action, determination or interpretation made in good faith with respect to the Plan or the Grants, and all members of the Committee shall be fully protected by Willis Group with respect to any such action, determination or interpretation. __clusterTitleType__17 
  This Agreement shall continue during the period the Director serves as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporations or as a director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other Enterprise which the Director serves at the request of any of the Corporations and shall continue thereafter so long as the Director shall be subject to any possible Proceeding (including rights of appeal thereto and any Proceeding commenced by the Director pursuant to Section 8 of this Agreement) by reason of his Corporate Status, whether or not he is acting in such capacity at the time any Liability or Expense is incurred or alleged for which indemnification can be provided under this Agreement. This Agreement (and the indemnification and advancement of expenses provided for herein) shall be binding upon and enforceable against the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise to all or substantially all of the assets of any of the Corporations), shall continue as to an the Director who has ceased to have Corporate Status, and shall inure to the benefit of the Director and his spouse, permitted assigns, heirs, devisees, executors, administrators and other legal representatives. The obligations under this Agreement of a party hereto may not be assigned without the prior written consent of the other party hereto. Any purported assignment of such obligations or delegation of performance in violation of this Section 10 is void. -9- __clusterTitleType__21 
  The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party. This Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties, and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of any provisions of this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Debt Owner shall pay Agency for collection of Accounts a contingency fee set forth in Exhibit 1 of the gross amount of monies collected on all placements. Agency will be entitled to these fees on amounts collected by or paid directly to Debt Owner on Accounts which Debt Owner has sent to Agency and which have not, pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, been returned to Debt Owner. Agency will bear all costs and expense involved with collecting an Account. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Upon execution by you, this Agreement shall be effective from and as of the Distribution Date. __clusterTitleType__17 
  Warrant Certificates shall be countersigned by the Warrant Agent and shall not be valid for any purpose unless so countersigned. The Warrant Agent shall, upon the written instructions of the Chairman of the Board, the President or Chief Executive Officer, a Vice President, the Treasurer or the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, countersign, issue and deliver Warrants as provided in this Agreement. The Company and the Warrant Agent may deem and treat the registered holder(s) of the Warrant Certificates as the absolute owner(s) thereof (notwithstanding any notation of ownership or other writing thereon made by anyone), for all purposes, and neither the Company nor the Warrant Agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary. 2 __clusterTitleType__23 
 The parties hereto state that they have not created and do not intend to create by this Lease a joint venture or partnership relating between them, it being understood and agreed that the provisions of this Lease with regard to the payment by Tenant and the acceptance by Landlord of a sum equal to a percentage of gross sales is a reservation of rent. __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Warrant and the Warrant Shares have not been registered under the 1933 Act or similar state laws. This Warrant and Warrant Shares cannot be sold or transferred by an investor unless (i) they are so registered or (ii) an exemption from registration is available at the time of transfer and, if requested by the Company, an opinion of counsel satisfactory to the Company to the effect that such registration is not required is delivered to the Company. Subject to the foregoing limitations, the Company shall register the transfer, from time to time, of this Warrant upon the Company's warrant register, upon surrender of this Warrant for transfer, accompanied by a duly executed Assignment Form in the form attached as Annex II, with signatures properly guaranteed as indicated. Upon any such transfer, a new warrant or warrants representing the aggregate number of this Warrant shall be issued and this Warrant shall be cancelled by the Company. A restrictive legend shall be placed upon each share certificate acquired upon exercise of this Warrant in substantially the following form: THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AMENDED, OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THESE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED, HYPOTHECATED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE OF (I) SUCH REGISTRATION OR (II) AN EXEMPTION THEREFROM AND, IF REQUESTED BY THE COMPANY, AN OPINION OF COUNSEL SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY TO THE EFFECT THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED. HEDGING TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING THESE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE CONDUCTED UNLESS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT. The foregoing legend will be removed from the certificates representing any Warrant Shares, at the request of the holder thereof, at such time as they become the subject of an effective resale registration statement or they become eligible for resale pursuant to Rule 144 under the 1933 Act. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The execution and delivery of this FirstSupplemental Indenture and the Notation of Guarantee by the New Guarantors(along with such documentation relating thereto as the Trustee shall require) fulfills the obligations of the Company under Sections 4.17 and 11.9 of the Indenture. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Manager shall maintain appropriate books of account and records relating to this Agreement, which books of account and records shall be available for inspection by representatives of the Company upon reasonable notice during ordinary business hours. __clusterTitleType__17 
  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company acknowledges and agrees that the liability of the Investor arising directly or indirectly, under t his Agreement of any and every nature whatsoever shall be satisfied solely out of the assets of the Investor, and that no trustee, officer, other investment vehicle or any other Affiliate of the Investor or any investor, shareholder or holder of shares of beneficial interest of the Investor shall be personally liable for any liabilities of the Investor. The signature page follows. 21 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Unit Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first set forth above. COMPANY /s/ Robert Miller Robert Miller, chief executive officer of Abakan Inc. INVESTOR /s/ Maria Maz Maria Maz, president of Prosper Financial Inc. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Employee represents, declares, and agrees that the undertakings of Company and the wage payments described above are for the purposes of making a full and final compromise, adjustment, and settlement of all claims hereinabove described and that the promises and payments hereunder are good and valuable consideration that was otherwise unavailable to him/her. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Company hereby sells the Shares to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser hereby purchases the Shares from the Company, for a purchase price of $.001 per share or an aggregate purchase price of One Hundred Dollars ($100.00) (the Purchase Price). The Company hereby acknowledges receipt of the Purchase Price from the Purchaser. The parties agree to execute and deliver such further documents as may be necessary to give effect to the purchase and sale of the Shares. __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Agreement may be amended or modified only by a written instrument signed by the Executive and by a duly authorized representative of the Employer. __clusterTitleType__8 
  Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Noteholder or an assignee, such as TEN COM (=tenants in common), TEN ENT (=tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (=joint tenants with rights of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (=custodian), and U/G/M/A (=Uniform Gift to Minors Act). A-8 __clusterTitleType__17 
 13.1 Neither Party shall be liable to the other for any failure to perform or delay in performance of its obligations hereunder caused by: (i) Act of God; (ii) outbreak of hostilities, riot, civil disturbance, or acts of terrorism; (iii) the act of any government or authority; (iv) fire, explosion, flood, fog or bad weather; or (v) any cause or circumstance whatsoever beyond its reasonable control. 13.2 If a Party is or will be prevented from performing any of its obligations due to force majeure as set forth in Section 13.1 above, it will give notice to the other Party of the event or circumstances constituting such force majeure. Such notice shall be given within 3 days after the Party became aware (or should have become aware) of the relevant event or circumstances constituting such force majeure. However, each Party shall at all times use its best efforts to minimize any delay in the performance of its obligations as a result of force majeure. 10 __clusterTitleType__17 
 . (a) Performance Share Unit Award On the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and each Notice of Performance Share Unit Award referencing this Agreement (the "Notice"), the Company hereby grants the Award Recipient a performance grant in the form of Performance Share Units. Each Performance Share Unit award under this Agreement shall represent a right to receive one Share of the Company's common stock, par value $.10 per share, to the extent such Performance Share Unit is earned and vested pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. Each Notice, together with this referenced Agreement, shall be a separate Performance Share Unit award governed by the terms of this Agreement. (b) Equity Incentive Plan and Defined Terms This award is granted under and subject to the terms of the Plan, which is incorporated herein by this reference. Capitalized terms are defined in Section 7 of this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, either party may terminate this Agreement at any time upon ten (10) days prior written notice to the other. This Agreement may also be terminated by the Company, at its option, at any time during the term of this Agreement without notice, for good cause. Termination for good cause shall include, but not be limited to, any of the following: 9.1 The commission by Consultant or the Company or the officers of the Company of an act of fraud or other act materially evidencing bad faith or dishonesty; 9.2. 9.3.The suspension or removal or termination of Consultant by or at the request or requirement of any governmental authority having jurisdiction over the Company; 9.4. 9.5. Upon the death of the Consultant. 5 __clusterTitleType__5 
 Except to the extent, if any, that notice of default is expressly required herein or in any of the other Loan Documents, each Maker and any and all co-makers, endorsers, guarantors and sureties severally waive notice (including, but not limited to, notice of intent to accelerate and notice of acceleration, notice of protest and notice of dishonor), presentment for payment, protest, diligence in collecting and the filing of suit for the purpose of fixing liability and consent that the time of payment hereof may be extended and re-extended from time to time without notice to any of them. Each such Person agrees that his, her or its liability on or with respect to this note shall not be affected by any release of or change in any guaranty at any time existing or by the partial or complete unenforceability of any guaranty or other surety obligation, in each case in whole or in part, with or without notice and before or after maturity. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Notices or other communications required to be given by any party pursuant to this Agreement shall be written in English and Chinese and delivered personally or sent by registered mail or postage prepaid mail or by a recognized courier service or by facsimile transmission to the address of relevant each party or both parties set forth below or other address of the party or of the other addressees specified by such party from time to time. The date when the notice is deemed to be duly served shall be determined as the follows: (a) a notice delivered personally is deemed duly served upon the delivery; (b) a notice sent by mail is deemed duly served the tenth (10th) day after the date when the air registered mail with postage prepaid has been sent out (as is shown on the postmark), or the fourth (4th) day after the delivery date to the internationally recognized courier service agency; and (c) a notice sent by facsimile transmission is deemed duly served upon the receipt time as is shown on the transmission confirmation of relevant documents. Party A Harbin Mega Profit Management & Consultation Co., Ltd., Address: Attn: Fax: Tel: 22 Party B Qinggang Mega Profit Agriculture Co., Ltd. Attn: Fax: Tel: __clusterTitleType__4 
  (a) In the event that Participants employment with Disney or an Affiliate thereof terminates for any reason other than death, disability or cause (as further provided in the Stock Plan) at a time when (i) the Participant has attained the age of sixty and has completed at least ten consecutive Service Years (as hereinafter defined) and (ii) at least one year has passed since the Date of Grant of this Award, then the remaining then unvested Tranches of this Award shall vest in accordance with the terms and provisions hereof in the same manner as if Participants employment had continued through the Scheduled Vesting Date, provided that all of the conditions to such vesting (other than the condition set forth in Section 2. For purposes of the foregoing, Service Year shall mean any calendar year during which the Participant was continuously employed by Disney or an Affiliate thereof for the entire calendar year. In determining the total number of consecutive Service Years that the Participant has been so employed, the Company shall apply such rules regarding the bridging of service as the Committee may adopt from time to time. (b) Notwithstanding any other term or provision hereof, if at the time of termination of employment (other than upon the scheduled expiration date of an employment agreement) Participant is employed pursuant to an employment agreement with Disney or an Affiliate which provides under certain circumstances for the continued vesting of any Stock Units subject to this Award in the event of the termination of such employment agreement prior to its scheduled expiration date (a Contractual Extension Provision), then, except as otherwise provided in such employment agreement, (i) this Section 6 shall be interpreted and applied in all respects as if Participant had remained continuously employed by Disney or an Affiliate thereof from the Date of Grant of this Award through the scheduled expiration date of such employment agreement and (ii) the date of termination of Participants employment for all purposes under this Section 6 shall be deemed to be the scheduled expiration date of such employment agreement 3 __clusterTitleType__17 
 The holders of the issued and outstanding shares of Preferred Stock shall have Twenty and 475/1000 (20.475) votes for each share of Series A Preferred Stock. __clusterTitleType__13 
  The Committee shall have the authority to make such amendments to any terms and conditions applicable to outstanding Grants as are consistent with this Plan. The Board of Directors may amend, suspend or terminate the Plan at any time. __clusterTitleType__5 
 The Subscriber shall have tendered and delivered an Advance to the Company in the amount representing the Purchase Price set forth on the Subscription Agreement Signature Page, along with the execution and delivery of this Subscription Agreement. 1 __clusterTitleType__17 
 __clusterTitleType__17 
 As of the Effective Date, Employee will serve as the Companys President and Chief Executive Officer. As the Companys President and Chief Executive Officer, Employee will be the most senior officer of the Company and will render such business and professional services in the performance of his duties as are customary to such offices and positions in a Delaware corporation and consistent with the Companys Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, including general supervision, direction, and control of the business and officers of the Company, subject in every case to the direction and control of the Companys Board of Directors (the Board) and its committees. All other executive officers will report directly to Employee. Employee, in turn, shall report directly and solely to the Board. Employee agrees to serve without additional remuneration in an executive or director capacity for one or more direct or indirect subsidiaries of the Company as the Board may from time to time request. Employees primary place of employment will be located at the Companys corporate headquarters in the San Francisco Bay Area. __clusterTitleType__17 
 So long as any Registrable Securities remain outstanding, the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to file the reports required to be filed by it under Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Act and the Exchange Act in a timely manner and, if at anytime the Company is not required to file such reports, it will, upon the written request of any Holder of Registrable Securities, make publicly available other 11 information so long as necessary to permit sales of such Holders Registrable Securities pursuant to Rules 144 and 144A of the Act. The Company covenants that it will take such further action as any Holder of Registrable Securities may reasonably request, all to the extent required from time to time to enable such Holder to sell Registrable Securities without registration under the Act within the limitation of the exemptions provided by Rules 144 and 144A (including, without limitation, the requirements of Rule 144A(d)(4)). Upon the written request of any Holder of Registrable Securities, the Company shall deliver to such Holder a written statement as to whether it has complied with such requirements. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 9 shall be deemed to require the Company or the Operating Partnership to register any of its securities pursuant to the Exchange Act. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Grantees receipt of this Agreement constitutes Grantees agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan. Grantees signature is not required in order to make this Agreement effective. NATIONAL AMERICAN UNIVERSITY HOLDINGS, INC. By: Its __clusterTitleType__17 
 FURTHER, GUARANTOR HEREBY CONSENTS AND SUBJECTS GUARANTOR TO THE JURISDICTION OF COURTS OF THE STATE OF OHIO AND, WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, TO THE VENUE OF SUCH COURTS IN ANY COUNTY IN WHICH BANK IS LOCATED. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The obligations of Consultant under this Agreement are unique and may not be assigned. __clusterTitleType__22 
 If the Grantee terminates employment as a result of death or disability during a fiscal year, the employment requirement for the fiscal year in which employment is terminated as a result of death or disability shall be deemed to be satisfied. If the performance target is otherwise met for that fiscal year, the Grantee will vest in the Shares for such fiscal year as otherwise provided in this Agreement. For purposes of this Agreement, termination as a result of disability shall mean a termination as a result of the Grantee being unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment expected to result in death or that is expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months. __clusterTitleType__5 
 This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to its subject matter, and supersedes all other prior or contemporaneous agreements and understandings both oral or written; subject, however, that in the event of any conflict between this Agreement and the Plan, the Plan shall govern. This Agreement may only be amended in a writing signed by the Company and the Optionee. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Company shall not permit the transfer of any of the Voting Shares on its books or issue a new certificate representing any of the Voting Shares unless and until the person to whom such security is to be transferred shall have executed a written agreement, substantially in the form of this Agreement, pursuant to which such person becomes a party to this Agreement and agrees to be bound by all the provisions hereof as if such person were a Stockholder, as applicable. __clusterTitleType__20 
 In Section 12.1 of the Omnibus Agreement, the Section is hereby amended to add the following immediately prior to the final sentence thereof: if to Burns, to: Burns Veterinary Supply, Inc. c/o Darby Group Companies 300 Jericho Quadrangle Jericho, NY 11753 Attn: President with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: Salon, Marrow, Dyckman & Newman LLP 292 Madison Avenue New York, NY 10017 Attn: Joel Salon, Esq. __clusterTitleType__17 
  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas. __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Section 6 may be waived or amended only with the consent of the Holder and the consent of holders of a majority of the shares of outstanding Common Stock of the Company who are not Affiliates. For the purposes of the immediately preceding sentence, the term Affiliate shall mean any person: (a) that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Company; or (b) who beneficially owns (i) any shares of the Companys Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, or (ii) this Warrant.. As used in this Warrant, beneficial ownership shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and Regulation 13d-3 thereunder. __clusterTitleType__17 
  The Director agrees promptly to notify the Company in writing upon being served with any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating to any Proceeding or matter which may be subject to indemnification or advancement of Expenses covered hereunder. The failure of the Director to so notify the Company shall not relieve any of the Corporations of any obligation which they may have to the Director under this Agreement or otherwise. __clusterTitleType__17 
 If the Company elects a Company Redemption in accordance with Section 8(a), then the Company Redemption Amount which is to be paid to the Holder on the applicable Installment Date shall be redeemed by the Company, and the Company shall pay to the Holder on such Installment Date, by wire transfer of U.S. Dollars and immediately available funds, an amount in cash (the Company Installment Redemption Price) equal to 100% of the Company Redemption Amount. If the Company fails to redeem the Company Redemption Amount on the applicable Installment Date by payment of the Company Installment Redemption Price on such date, then at the option of the Holder designated in writing to the Company (any such designation shall be deemed a Conversion Notice pursuant to Section 3(c) for purposes of this Note), the Holder may require the Company to convert all or any part of the Company Redemption Amount at the Company Conversion Price. Conversions required by this Section 8(c) shall be made in accordance with the provisions of Section 3(c). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 8(c), but subject to Section 3(d), until the Company Installment Redemption Price (together with any interest thereon) is paid in full, the Company Redemption Amount (together with any interest thereon) may be converted, in whole or in part, by the Holder into Common Shares pursuant to Section 3. In the event the Holder elects to convert all or any portion of the Company Redemption Amount prior to the applicable Installment Date as set forth in the immediately preceding sentence, the Company Redemption Amount so converted shall be deducted from the Installment Amounts relating to the applicable Installment Dates as set forth in the applicable Conversion Notice. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Upon a Change in Control (as defined below), the restriction contained in Section 6 shall immediately be released and the Warrant Holder will have the right to exercise this Warrant concurrently with such Change in Control event. For purposes of this Warrant, the term Change in Control shall mean a consolidation or merger of the Company with or into another company or entity in which the Company is not the surviving entity or the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company to another company or entity not controlled by the then existing stockholders of the Company in a transaction or series of transactions __clusterTitleType__17 
 In case any provision of this Supplemental Indenture shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. __clusterTitleType__17 
 (a)Performance Stock. The Committee may grant Performance Stock to Eligible Individuals. An Award of Performance Stock shall consist of a Target Number of Shares granted to an Eligible Individual based on the achievement of Performance Targets over the applicable Performance Period, and shall be subject to the terms, conditions and restrictions set forth in the Plan and established by the Committee in connection with the Award and specified in the applicable Award Document. (b)Performance Units. The Committee, in its discretion, may grant Performance Units to Eligible Individuals. A Performance Unit shall entitle a Participant to receive, subject to the terms, conditions and restrictions set forth in the Plan and established by the Committee in connection with the Award and specified in the applicable Award Document, a Target Number of Shares or cash based upon the achievement of Performance Targets over the applicable Performance Period. At the sole discretion of the Committee, Performance Units shall be settled through the delivery of Shares or cash, or a combination of cash and Shares, with a value equal to the Fair Market Value of the underlying Shares as of the last day of the applicable Performance Period. __clusterTitleType__17 
  1.1Priveco does hereby transfer, assign and set over unto Pubco all of the debts, liabilities, obligations related to the Assumed Amount due or hereafter due to the Debt Holder.  __clusterTitleType__22 
 This Warrant shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and the Holder and shall not be construed against any person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Warrant are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this Warrant. __clusterTitleType__17 
 __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Agreement shall be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania without regard to the principles or provision of conflicts of laws. __clusterTitleType__7 
 The Exercise Price, as so adjusted, shall be readjusted in the same manner upon the happening of any successive event or events described herein in this Section 5. The number of shares of Common Stock that the holder of this Warrant shall thereafter, on the exercise hereof as provided in Section 1, be entitled to receive shall be adjusted to a number determined by multiplying the number of shares of Common Stock that would otherwise (but for the provisions of this Section 5) be issuable on such exercise by a fraction of which (a) the numerator is the Exercise Price that would otherwise (but for the provisions of this Section 5) be in effect, and (b) the denominator is the Exercise Price in effect on the date of such exercise. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Company Principal Stockholder represents and warrants to Parent as follows: (a) As of the date of this Agreement and at all times through the Expiration Date: (i) He is the Beneficial Owner (free and clear of any encumbrances or restrictions) of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock set forth under the heading Shares of Company Common Stock Beneficially Owned, on the signature page hereof; (ii) He is the Beneficial Owner (free and clear of any encumbrances or restrictions) of the outstanding shares of Company Preferred Stock set forth under the heading Shares of Company Preferred Stock Beneficially Owned, on the signature page hereof; (iii) He is the Beneficial Owner (free and clear of any encumbrances or restrictions) of the outstanding Company Options and Other Rights set forth under the heading Company Options and Other Rights Beneficially Owned on the signature page hereof; and (iv) He does not directly or indirectly Beneficially Own any shares of Company Capital Stock or Company Options or Other Rights or other securities of the Company, other than the shares of Company Capital Stock and Company Options and Other Rights set forth on the signature page hereof (b) The Company Principal Stockholder has the legal capacity, power and authority to enter into and perform all of its obligations under this Agreement This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company Principal Stockholder, and upon its execution and delivery by Parent, will constitute a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company Principal Stockholder, enforceable against him in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting or relating to creditors rights generally, and the availability of injunctive relief and other equitable remedies. 3 (c) The execution, delivery and performance by the Company Principal Stockholder of this Agreement will not (i) conflict with, require a consent, waiver or approval under, or result in a breach of or default under, any of the terms of any contract, commitment or other obligation (written or oral) to which such Company Principal Stockholder is a party or by which any of his assets may be bound (d) (d) No filing with, and no permit, authorization, consent or approval of, any state or federal public body or authority is necessary for the execution of this Agreement by the Company Principal Stockholder and the consummation by Company Principal Stockholder of the transactions contemplated hereby. __clusterTitleType__11 
  a) Transferability This Warrant and all rights hereunder are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its 9 designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued. b) New Warrants This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial issuance date set forth on the first page of this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto. c) Warrant Register The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary. __clusterTitleType__17 
 In connection with the Services described above, the Company agrees to pay to Wharton the following: A.Placement Agents Fee.  The Company shall pay to Wharton a cash placement fee (the Placement Agents Fee) equal to 6% of the aggregate gross proceeds of the Securities actually sold in the Offering. The Placement Agents Fee shall be payable by wire transfer to Wharton immediately upon the closing of the Offering (the Closing). 444 madison avenue  40th fl.  new York, ny 10022  O 212-765-6777 f 212-888-7054 1 B.Expenses.  In addition to any fees payable to Wharton hereunder, the Company agrees to reimburse Wharton for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred and documented by Wharton in connection with its engagement hereunder, including the reasonable fees of Whartons counsel, but in no event more than $10,000 without the prior written approval of the Company. Such reimbursement shall be payable immediately upon the Closing of the Offering (but only in the event of a Closing) from the gross proceeds of the Securities sold. __clusterTitleType__17 
  Each of the parties hereto hereby represents and warrants that as of the Effective Date: 1. this Amendment has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by it; 2. this Amendment and the Euro Credit Agreement, as amended hereby, constitute legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by (i) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws of general applicability affecting the enforcement of creditors rights and (ii) the application of general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law); and 3. execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment and the Euro Credit Agreement, as amended hereby, will not conflict with or result in a breach of, or require any consent under, the charter or by-laws or other constitutive document of it, or any applicable law or regulation, or any order, writ, injunction, or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitral panel, or any agreement or instrument to which the Borrower, Parent or any of their Subsidiaries is a party or by which any of them or any of their property is bound or to which any of them is subject, or constitute a default under any such agreement or instrument, or (except for Liens created in accordance with the Security Documents and the other Loan Documents) result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any property of the Borrower, Parent or any of their Subsidiaries pursuant to the terms of any such agreement or instrument. __clusterTitleType__11 
 If any portion of this Agreement is found by a court to be illegal or ineffectual, the remaining portions of the Agreement shall stay in force and shall be construed to most accurately reflect the legal intent of the parties at the time the legal or ineffectual document was signed. __clusterTitleType__14 
 Unless otherwise specified, all references in this Agreement to Sections are to Sections of this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__3 
 2.1During the term of the Agreement, the Executive shall diligently perform all services consistent with his position as may be assigned to his by or under the direction of the Board of Directors of the Company and such other members of senior management designated by the Board. The Executive's duties shall include overall responsibility for the affairs of the Company, legal and SEC compliance and other requirements of a public company. In the performance of his duties, the Executive shall report to the Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer. 2.2(b) The Executive shall devote his full working time and attention to the business and affairs of the Company, render such services in a competent and efficient manner, and use his reasonable and appropriate best efforts to faithfully promote the interests of the Company. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Effect of this Agreement. Except as modified pursuant hereto, no other changes or modifications to the Loan Agreement and the Loan Documents (including the Forbearance Agreement) are intended or implied and in all other respects the Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including the Forbearance Agreement) are hereby specifically ratified, restated and confirmed by all parties hereto as of the effective date hereof. To the extent of conflict between the terms of this Agreement, the Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including the Forbearance Agreement), the terms of this Agreement shall control. The Loan Agreement, the Forbearance Agreement and this Agreement shall be read and construed as one agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Company and Managing Agent are also parties to a Business Management Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, as in effect from time to time (the "Business Management Agreement"). The parties agree that this Agreement does not include or otherwise address the rights and obligations of the parties under the Business Management Agreement and that the Business Management Agreement provides for its own separate rights 12 and obligations of the parties thereto, including without limitation separate compensation payable by the Company to Managing Agent thereunder for services to be provided by the Managing Agent pursuant to the Business Management Agreement. [Signature Page To Follow.] 13 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Amended and Restated Property Management Agreement as a sealed instrument as of the date above first written. MANAGING AGENT: REIT MANAGEMENT & RESEARCH LLC By:/s/ David M. Lepore Name: David M. Lepore Title: Senior Vice President OWNERS: SENIOR HOUSING PROPERTIES TRUST, on its own behalf and on behalf of its subsidiaries By:/s/ David J. Hegarty Name: David J. Hegarty Title: President and Chief Operating Officer 14 __clusterTitleType__17 
 2.1During the term of the Agreement, the Executive shall diligently perform all services consistent with his position as may be assigned to his by or under the direction of the Board of Directors of the Company and such other members of senior management designated by the Board. The Executive's duties shall include overall responsibility for the affairs of the Company, legal and SEC compliance and other requirements of a public company. In the performance of his duties, the Executive shall report to the Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer. 2.2(b) The Executive shall devote his full working time and attention to the business and affairs of the Company, render such services in a competent and efficient manner, and use his reasonable and appropriate best efforts to faithfully promote the interests of the Company. __clusterTitleType__17 
 In lieu of shares of Common Stock, the Committee, in its sole discretion, may permit some or all of the Award Recipients to receive their Award Shares in LTIP Units or other securities of the Company or any of its affiliates, that are valued in whole or in part by reference to, or are otherwise calculated by reference to or based on, shares of Common Stock (Other Share-Based Securities); provided, that the Committee determines, in good faith, that the aggregate value of such Other Share-Based Securities is equivalent to the value of the Award Shares to be issued to such Award Recipient(s) pursuant to Section 2.3.1. Other Share-Based Securities may be issued in lieu of all the Award Shares of such Award Recipient(s) or a portion thereof. The Committee shall determine the restrictions and conditions, under this Program or otherwise, applicable to such Other Share-Based Securities. __clusterTitleType__17 
  (a) The Corporations expressly confirm and agree that they have entered into this Agreement and assumed the obligations imposed on them hereby in order to induce the Director to serve as a director of the Corporations, and the Corporations acknowledges that the Director is relying upon this Agreement in serving as a director of the Corporations (b) This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral, written and implied, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof; provided, however, that this Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the Corporations organizational documents and applicable law, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of the Director thereunder __clusterTitleType__17 
 Notices, approvals, and requests for approvals provided for and allowed herein shall be given in writing, and shall be addressed and sent certified mail, return receipt requested or by way of national air courier, addressed as follows: To Oliphant Financial Group, LLC To Performance Capital Management LLC 9009 Town Center Parkway 7001 Village Dr Suite 255 Lakewood Ranch, FL 34202 Buena Park, CA. 90621 3 of 5 __clusterTitleType__4 
 3.1 Representations by EnerDel. EnerDel represents and warrants that, as of the date hereof: (i) it is duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the State of Delaware and has full corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement; (ii) it has taken all corporate actions necessary to authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance of its obligations under this Agreement; and (iii) the performance of its obligations under this Agreement do not conflict with, or constitute a default under, its charter documents, any of its material contractual obligation or any court order applicable to it. 3.2 Representations by Think. Think represents and warrants that, as of the date hereof: (i) it is duly organized and validly existing under the laws of Norway and has full corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement; (ii) it has taken all corporate actions necessary to authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance of its obligations under this Agreement; and (iii) the performance of its obligations under this Agreement do not conflict with, or constitute a default under, its charter documents, any of its material contractual obligation or any court order applicable to it. __clusterTitleType__11 
 Minatura agrees to be solely responsible for any and all applicable taxes, customs duty and importation and/or exportation charges imposed in the country of Colombia by either rental or purchase option. __clusterTitleType__2 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may terminate this agreement, without cause, upon providing thirty (30) days written notice. __clusterTitleType__18 
  EACH GRANTOR HEREBY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A JURY TRIAL IN CONNECTION WITH ANY ACTION RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY NOTE EXECUTED PURSUANT HERETO OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT. __clusterTitleType__8 
 In the event of termination of Optionee's continuous status as an Employee or Consultant, as such status may be determined and construed by the Company in its sole discretion (Continuous Status), for any reason other than death or disability or the completed term and performance under any consulting or employment agreement between the Optionee and the Company, Optionee may, but only within thirty (30) days after the date of such termination (but in no event later than the date of expiration of the term of the Option as set forth in Section 11 below), exercise the Option to the extent that Optionee was entitled to exercise it at the date of such termination. To the extent that Optionee was not entitled to exercise the Option at the date of such termination, or if Optionee does not exercise the Option within the time specified herein, the Option shall terminate. __clusterTitleType__17 
 In disposing of Collateral hereunder, Bank may disclaim all warranties of title, possession, quiet enjoyment and the like. Any proceeds of any disposition of any Collateral or Proceeds, or any part thereof, may be applied by Bank to the payment of expenses incurred by Bank in connection with the foregoing, including reasonable attorneys' fees, and the balance of such proceeds may be applied by Bank toward the payment of the Indebtedness in such order of application as Bank may from time to time elect. Upon the transfer of all or any part of the Indebtedness, Bank may transfer all or any part of the Collateral or Proceeds and shall be fully discharged thereafter from all liability and responsibility with respect to any of the foregoing so transferred, and the transferee shall be vested with all rights and powers of Bank hereunder with respect to any of the foregoing so transferred; but with respect to any Collateral or Proceeds not so transferred Bank shall retain all rights, powers, privileges and remedies herein given. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Use of the masculine pronoun shall be deemed to include usage of the feminine pronoun where appropriate. __clusterTitleType__17 
  __clusterTitleType__17 
  The Company may, by written notice to the Holder of the Warrant, appoint an agent (a Warrant Agent) for the purpose of issuing Common Stock (or Other Securities) on the exercise of this Warrant pursuant to Section 1, exchanging this Warrant pursuant to Section 7, and replacing this Warrant pursuant to Section 8, or any of the foregoing, and thereafter any such issuance, exchange or replacement, as the case may be, shall be made at such office by such Warrant Agent. 5 __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Section headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof. __clusterTitleType__24 
 The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect. __clusterTitleType__17 
 You acknowledge that effective as of the Separation Date and during the period in which you are providing consulting services to the Company hereunder, you will be an independent contractor, and not an employee, of the Company. This letter is not intended to and does not constitute an employment agreement between you and the Company or any of its affiliates, and does not create an obligation by the Company or its affiliates to employ or to continue employ you for any period. __clusterTitleType__13 
 The following deliveries and payments to you will be made to the address shown on the face of your Subscription Certificate unless you provide instructions to the contrary on the back of your Subscription Certificate: (a) Basic Subscription Right As soon as practicable after the Expiration Date, the Subscription Agent will mail to each validly-exercising Holder of Subscription Rights certificates representing shares of Series D Preferred Stock and Warrants purchased pursuant to the Basic Subscription Right. (b) Oversubscription Right As soon as practicable after the Expiration Date and after all pro-rations and adjustments contemplated by the terms of the Rights Offering have been effected and taking into account any delays or extensions in closing the over-subscription purchases, the Subscription Agent will mail to each Holder of Subscription Rights who validly exercises the Over-Subscription Right certificates representing the number of shares of Series D Preferred Stock and Warrants allocated to such Holder pursuant to the Over-Subscription Right. See The Rights Offering in the Prospectus. (c) Excess Payments If you exercised your Over-Subscription Right and are allocated less than all of the Units for which you wished to over-subscribe, then your excess Subscription Price payment for Units that were not allocated to you will be returned to you by mail, without interest or deduction, as soon as practicable after the Expiration Date. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The parties agree to execute and deliver all such further documents, agreements and instruments and take such other and further action as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out the purposes and intent of this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
 a. Marketer hereby releases and agrees to defend, indemnify and hold CITGO, its agents, servants, employees, successors and assigns, harmless from and against any and all claims, suits, losses, obligations, liabilities, injuries, and damages, including attorneys fees and costs of litigation, for death, personal injury, property damage or other claim arising out of any failure by Marketer to perform, fulfill or observe any obligation or liability of Marketer set forth in this Agreement or any negligent act or omission by Marketer or any cause or condition of any kind directly or 8 indirectly arising in connection with the use, occupancy, maintenance, upkeep, repair, replacement or operation of any place of business, service station or marketing premises (including but not limited to adjacent sidewalks, drives, curbs. signs, poles and all other fixtures and equipment located thereon) which place of business, service station or marketing premise is or was either directly or indirectly owned, leased, operated, supplied, franchised, or licensed by or through Marketer. b. Marketer hereby releases and agrees to defend and indemnify and hold CITGO, its agents, servants, employees, successors and assigns, harmless from and against any and all claims, suits, losses, obligations, injuries, liabilities and damages, including attorneys fees and costs of litigation, resulting from the shipment, delivery, use, storage, handling, and sale of petroleum products, including, but not limited to, the seepage or leakage of any petroleum products from storage tanks, pumps, dispensers and piping and fire or explosion at any place of business, service station or marketing premises, which place of business, service station or marketing premises is or was either directly or indirectly owned, leased, operated, supplied, franchised or licensed by or through Marketer. c. Marketer shall defend, indemnify and hold CITGO, its agents, servants, employees, successors and assigns, harmless from and against any fines, penalties, taxes, judgments, charges, or expenses, (including attorneys fees and costs of litigation), for violations of any law, ordinance or regulation caused by any act or omission, whether negligent or otherwise, of Marketer or its agents, servants, employees, contractors, dealers, Marketers or licensees. d. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions, Marketer will not be responsible for violations of any law, ordinance or regulation by CITGO, nor for any acts or omissions arising from the sole negligence of CITGO, its agents, or employees. __clusterTitleType__27 
 However, if the Company desires to move its office out of such area, or any other area it thereafter designates, the Company shall provide Executive with no less than one (1) years time to complete his relocation. The Company shall pay the Executive's reasonable moving expenses. __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and each of such counterparts shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. __clusterTitleType__10 
 (a) If for the purpose of obtaining or enforcing judgment against the Company in any court in any jurisdiction it becomes necessary to convert into any other currency (such other currency being hereinafter in this Section 11 referred to as the Judgment Currency) an amount due in U.S. dollars under this Warrant, the conversion shall be made at the Exchange Rate prevailing on the Trading Day immediately preceding: (i) the date actual payment of the amount due, in the case of any proceeding in the courts of New York or in the courts of any other jurisdiction that will give effect to such conversion being made on such date: or (ii) the date on which the foreign court determines, in the case of any proceeding in the courts of any other jurisdiction (the date as of which such conversion is made pursuant to this Section 11(a)(ii) being hereinafter referred to as the Judgment Conversion Date). (b) If in the case of any proceeding in the court of any jurisdiction referred to in Section 11(a)(ii) above, there is a change in the Exchange Rate prevailing between the Judgment Conversion Date and the date of actual payment of the amount due, the applicable party shall pay such adjusted amount as may be necessary to ensure that the amount paid in the Judgment Currency, when converted at the Exchange Rate prevailing on the date of payment, will produce the amount of US dollars which could have been purchased with the amount of Judgment Currency stipulated in the judgment or judicial order at the Exchange Rate prevailing on the Judgment Conversion Date. (c) Any amount due from the Company under this provision shall be due as a separate debt and shall not be affected by judgment being obtained for any other amounts due under or in respect of this Warrant. __clusterTitleType__17 
 If the Maker completes an underwritten public offering of its common stock or other form of security convertible into common stock pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933 (the Act), as amended, or a managed private offering exempt from registration under Section 4(2) of the Act and Regulation D promulgated thereunder (collectively, a New Offering) which results in proceeds received by the Maker net of underwriting discounts and commissions, of at least One Million and 00/100 dollars ($1,000,000.00) (a Pre-Payment Event), then at the sole and absolute discretion of the Holder, and upon written demand to the Maker (the Pre-Payment Notice), all amounts owed under this Note shall become due and payable within fifteen (15) days following Makers receipt of the Pre-Payment Notice. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Investor acknowledges that the Shares must be held indefinitely unless subsequently registered under the Securities Act or an exemption from such registration is available. Investor is aware of the provisions of Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act which permit limited resale of shares subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including among other things, that the Shares must be held for a period of one year following the filing of the Super 8K containing Form 10 information as the Company has historically been considered a shell as such term is defined under Rule 144. Investor acknowledges that, in the event all of the requirements of Rule 144 are not met, registration under the Securities Act or an exemption from registration will be required for any disposition of the Shares. Investor understands that, although Rule 144 is not exclusive, the Securities and Exchange Commission has expressed its opinion that persons proposing to sell restricted securities received in a private offering other than in a registered offering or pursuant to Rule 144 will have a substantial burden of proof in establishing that an exemption from registration is available for such offers or sales and that such persons and the brokers who participate in the transactions do so at their own risk. __clusterTitleType__17 
 In the event of any separation from service of Employees employment by the Company for Cause (as such term is defined in the Change of Control Agreement) or in the event of the Employees death, disability (as such term is defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code or voluntary separation from service at any time and for any reason, the Employee will be paid only (i) any earned but unpaid Base Salary, and (ii) other unpaid vested amounts or benefits under the compensation, incentive and benefit plans of the Company in which Employee participates, and (iii) reimbursement for all reasonable and necessary expenses incurred by Employee in connection with his performance of services on behalf of the Company in accordance with applicable Company policies and guidelines, in each case as of the effective date of such separation from service (the Accrued Compensation). Employee will be allowed to exercise his vested stock options to purchase Company common stock, if any, during the time period set forth in, and in accordance with, the plan (as applicable) and the governing stock option agreement(s). __clusterTitleType__17 
 & O LIABILITY INSURANCE Executive shall continue to be indemnified for acts and omissions in his capacity as an officer of the Company that occur on or prior to the Termination Date to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law and pursuant to the corporate governance documents of the Company as in effect from time to time. The Company agrees that for purposes of this Section 6 it shall interpret and/or apply any provision of applicable law or any corporate governance document relating to indemnification ( including advancement of expenses) with respect to Executive in a manner consistent with how such provisions are interpreted and applied by the Company to then active executive officers of the Company. Executive shall be covered under the Companys directors and officers liability insurance policies in effect from time to time on the same basis that other former directors and officers are covered. __clusterTitleType__17 
  Yes __clusterTitleType__17 
 Prices of cells (A) and modules (B) shall be converted in accordance with the following formula: * * * C% refers to the relevant profit margin, which shall be determined pursuant to sales price of modules set forth in Article 1; R refers to the exchange rate of Euro against RMB at the time of export. Given the current exchange rate (1=RMB8.6), price of cells corresponding to modules shall be as follows: price of cells corresponding to 2.0 shall be RMB15.02/W; price of cells corresponding to 2.1 shall be RMB15.76/W; price of cells corresponding to 2.2 shall be RMB16.48/W; and price of cells corresponding to 2.3 shall be RMB17.18/W. Considering the risk arising from fluctuation of exchange rates, the parties will mutually agree on a future exchange rate of Euro against RMB within the term of overseas purchase orders, and Party B shall be responsible to enter into foreign exchange forwarding arrangements to lock-up the agreed future exchange rate. If either party disagrees with such lock-up arrangement, such party shall be responsible for any exchange rate loss that may incur. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Title to the Equipment will pass to Purchaser upon receipt by Seller of 100% payment in full. __clusterTitleType__17 
 These options do not confer upon the Optionee any right to continue in the Service of the Company or any Affiliate, nor does it limit the right of the Company to terminate the Service of the Optionee at any time. __clusterTitleType__13 
 Any notice, request, instruction or other document required by the terms of this Agreement to be given to any other Party hereto shall be in writing and shall be given either (a) by telephonic facsimile, in which case notice shall be presumptively deemed to have been given at the date and time displayed on the senders transmission confirmation receipt showing the successful receipt thereof by the recipient; (b) by hand delivery or Federal Express or other method in which the date of delivery is recorded by the delivery service, in which case notice shall be presumptively deemed to have been given at the time that records of the delivery service indicate the writing was delivered to the addressee; (c) by prepaid telegram, in which case notice shall be presumptively deemed to have been given at the time that the records of the telegraphic agency indicate that the telegram was telephoned or delivered to the recipient or addressee, as the case may be; or (d)	by U. __clusterTitleType__4 
 ; No Liabilities at Closing. (a)Immediately prior to the Closing, all Assets of IDEH, including but not limited to cash, accounts receivable, and contract rights shall be transferred to New Co.  Within four weeks after the execution of this Agreement, IDEH shall furnish the form of the Asset Purchase Agreement in connection with that transfer of asset to New Co. for Targets approval. Such Asset Purchase Agreement, once provided by IDEH and approved by Target, shall be attached to this Agreement, and be incorporated herein, as Schedule 7.15. (b)At least one week prior to expected Closing Date, the First Extended Closing Date, the Second Extended Closing Date or the Third Extended Closing Date, as the case may be, IDEH shall furnish Target with Schedule 7. 15(b), setting forth all indebtedness of IDEH as of the Closing. Once provided, such Schedule 7.15(b) shall be incorporated as a part of this Agreement. (c)Prior to Closing, Target shall pay the sum of no more than US$100,000 to an escrow account to be mutually agreed by Target and IDEH (the Escrow Account), for the sole purpose of satisfying the indebtedness of IDEH set forth on Schedule 7. 15(b). Any indebtedness in excess of the escrowed amount will be satisfied by IDEH from its own funds or released at or prior to Closing. 24 __clusterTitleType__17 
 If an interest payment is not received within ten days of its due date, Borrower shall pay a late charge equal to twenty-five percent (25%) of the delinquent amount; any excess collected by mistake shall be refunded on request, and each such late charge shall be separately charged and collected by the Lender. Payments may be applied in any order in the sole discretion of the Lender but prior to demand, shall be applied first to past due interest, expenses and late charges, then to scheduled principal payments, if any, which are past due, then to current interest, expenses and late charges, and last to remaining principal. __clusterTitleType__17 
 It is understood and agreed that this Transfer Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties, and no oral or written statements, promise, or understandings not included in this writing shall be valid or binding. __clusterTitleType__6 
  The Committee shall review the guidelines on an annual basis, or more frequently if appropriate, and recommend changes as necessary. __clusterTitleType__17 
 __clusterTitleType__17 
 No failure on the part of the Holder to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. All rights, powers and remedies of the Holder in connection with this Note are cumulative and not exclusive, and shall be in addition to any other rights, powers or remedies provided by law or equity. __clusterTitleType__26 
  __clusterTitleType__17 
 All notices and other communications given or made pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given: (a) upon personal delivery to the party to be notified, (b) when sent by confirmed electronic mail or facsimile if sent during normal business hours of the recipient, and if not so confirmed, then on the next business day, (c) five (5) days after having been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (d) one (1) day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, specifying next day delivery, with written verification of receipt. All communications shall be sent: (a) To Indemnitee at the address set forth below Indemnitee signature hereto (b) To the Company at: 15 Generac Holdings Inc. S45 W29290 Hwy. 59 Waukesha, WI 53187 Attention: Chief Executive Officer or to such other address as may have been furnished to Indemnitee by the Company or to the Company by Indemnitee, as the case may be. __clusterTitleType__4 
 . The Company will furnish Wharton such written information as Wharton reasonably requests in connection with the performance of its Services hereunder. The Company understands, acknowledges and agrees that, in performing its Services hereunder, Wharton will use and rely upon such information as well as publicly available information regarding the Company and that Wharton does not assume responsibility for independent verification of the accuracy or completeness of any information, whether publicly available or otherwise furnished to it, concerning the Company or otherwise relevant to the Offering, including, without limitation, any financial information, forecasts or projections considered by Wharton in connection with the provision of its Services. Wharton agrees not to use any confidential information concerning the Company provided to Wharton by the Company for any purposes other than those contemplated under this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Security Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of New York State without giving effect to conflicts of laws principles that would require the application of the law of another jurisdiction. __clusterTitleType__17 
 __clusterTitleType__17 
 Employee agrees that Employee will neither apply for nor accept employment or re-employment with Company or any Company Releasee, in any capacity whatsoever, including but not limited to placement as a contingent worker (such as a contract hire, consultant, industry or technical assistant, or independent contractor) and that Company has no obligation whatsoever, contractual or otherwise, to rehire, re-employ, recall or contract with Employee in any capacity in the future. __clusterTitleType__17 
 This agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of Ontario. __clusterTitleType__7 
 The indemnification provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed to be exclusive of any other rights to which the Indemnitee may be entitled under the Companys Articles, any agreement, vote of shareholders or vote of Disinterested Directors, provisions of applicable law, or otherwise, both as to action or omission in the Indemnitees official capacity and as to action or omission in another capacity on behalf of the Company while holding such office. __clusterTitleType__17 
 All ADRs surrendered to the Depositary shall be cancelled by the Depositary. The Depositary is authorized to destroy ADRs in certificated form so cancelled in accordance with its customary practices. The Depositary agrees to maintain or cause its agents to maintain records of all ADRs surrendered and Deposited Securities withdrawn under Section 6 hereof and paragraph (2) of the form of ADR, substitute ADRs delivered under Section 7 hereof, and canceled or destroyed ADRs under this Section 8, in keeping with the procedures ordinarily followed by stock transfer agents located in the City of New York or as required by the laws or regulations governing the Depositary. 4 __clusterTitleType__17 
 Without regard to and without limiting the compensation received by the Manager from the Company pursuant to this Agreement and except to the extent provided by Sections 2, 10 or 11, the Manager shall bear the following expenses incurred in connection with the performance of its duties under this Agreement: (a) employment expenses of the personnel employed by the Manager, including, but not limited to, salaries, wages, payroll taxes and the cost of employee benefit plans; (b) fees and travel and other expenses paid to directors, officers and employees of the Manager, except fees and travel and other expenses of persons who are trustees or officers of the Company incurred in their capacities as trustees or officers of the Company; (c) rent, telephone, utilities, office furniture, equipment and machinery (including computers, to the extent utilized) and other office expenses of the Manager, except to the extent those expenses may relate solely to an office maintained by the Company separate from the office of the Manager; and (d) miscellaneous administrative expenses relating to performance by the Manager of its obligations hereunder __clusterTitleType__17 
 Except as set forth on Schedule 2.7, there are no actions, suits, proceedings, or investigations pending or, to the knowledge of Green House, threatened by or against Green House, or affecting Green House, or its properties, at law or in equity, before any court or other governmental agency or instrumentality, domestic or foreign, or before any arbitrator of any kind __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Exercise Price, is not less than the fair market value per share of Common Stock on the date of grant, as determined by the Board; provided, however, in the event Optionee is an Employee and owns stock representing more than ten percent (10%) of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or of its Parent or Subsidiary corporations immediately before the Option is granted, said exercise price is not less than one hundred ten percent (110%) of the fair market value per share of Common Stock on the date of grant as determined by the Board. __clusterTitleType__17 
 ; BINDING ON SUCCESSORS . (a) Except as required by law, no right to receive payments under this Agreement shall be subject to anticipation, commutation, alienation, sale, assignment, encumbrance, charge, pledge, or hypothecation, or to execution, attachment, levy, or similar process or assignment by operation of law, and any attempt, voluntary or involuntary, to effect any such action shall be null, void, and of no effect (b) This Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, Executive and the Bank and their respective successors and assigns __clusterTitleType__17 
 No waiver by the Company at any time of any breach by you of, or compliance with, any term or condition of this Agreement or the Plan to be performed by you shall be deemed a waiver of the same, any similar or any dissimilar term or condition at the same or at any prior or subsequent time. -4- __clusterTitleType__8 
  If the Participant is employed pursuant to an employment agreement with Disney, any provisions thereof relating to the effect of a termination of the Participants employment upon his or her rights with respect to this Award, including, without limitation, any provisions regarding acceleration of vesting and/or payment of this Award in the event of termination of employment, shall be fully applicable and supersede any provisions hereof with respect to the same subject matter. __clusterTitleType__13 
 7.1 Invalidity of any provision If any provision of this Amendment Agreement is or becomes invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any law, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not be affected or impaired in any way. 7.2 Third Parties This Amendment Agreement shall not confer any rights or remedies upon any party other than the parties to the Facilities Agreement and their respective successors and permitted assignees or transferees. __clusterTitleType__12 
 The Option may not be transferred in any manner otherwise than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution and may be exercised during the lifetime of Optionee, only by Optionee. The terms of the Option shall be binding upon the executors, administrators, heirs, successors and assigns of Optionee. __clusterTitleType__1 
 The Bank will not be obliged to perform its obligations under this Offer Letter, unless at the time of so doing it is, in its absolute discretion satisfied that: (i)Security/drawdown requirements as outlined herein, have been completed and executed in a form, or manner and content acceptable to the Bank and its legal advisers.  (ii)No material adverse change has occurred in the Borrowers business, undertaking, assets or financial condition since the date of its latest Annual Accounts as provided to the Bank.  (iii)That the Offer Letter has been duly executed by the Borrower(s).  (iv)The borrower has fulfilled all of the Bank of Irelands requirements regarding the opening and operating of Accounts including any requirements concerning the prevention of money laundering as contained within the provisions of the Criminal Justice Act 1995 and in compliance with the Anti Money Laundering (AML) identification documentation and Personal Customer Identification Forms (PCIF) requirements.  __clusterTitleType__17 
  9.1Where an option granted under the Plan has been exercised by any person in respect of any number of Shares, and those Shares have not yet been allotted or transferred to him in accordance with Rule 5. 13 above, the Board may determine that, in substitution for his 10 right to acquire such number of those Shares as the Board may decide (but in full and final satisfaction of his said right), he shall be paid a sum equal to the cash equivalent of that number of Shares. 9.2For the purposes of this Rule, the cash equivalent of any Shares is the amount by which the Boards opinion of the market value of those Shares on the business day prior to the date on which the option was exercised (or, if at the relevant time Shares of the same class as those Shares were listed on the New York Stock Exchange, the closing price of Shares of that class on the dealing day prior to that date) exceeds the price (or the dollar equivalent of the price calculated using the Dollar Exchange Rate on the relevant dealing day) at which those Shares may be acquired by the exercise of that option.  9.3Subject to Rule 9. 4 below, as soon as reasonably practicable after a determination has been made under Rule 9.1 above that a person shall be paid a sum in substitution for his right to acquire any number of Shares:- 9.3.1the Company shall pay to him or procure the payment to him of that sum in cash in such currency and by such method as the Board shall in its absolute discretion determine, and  9.3.2if he has already paid the Company for those Shares, the Company shall return to him the amount so paid by him.  9.4If the Board in its discretion so decides:-  9.4.1the whole or part of the sum payable under Rule 9. 3.1 above shall, instead of being paid to the person in question in cash, be applied on his behalf in subscribing for Shares in the Company at a price equal to the market value (or, as the case may be, the closing price) by reference to which the cash equivalent is calculated, or in purchasing such Shares, or partly in one way and partly in the other, and 9.4.2the Company shall allot to him (or a nominee for him) or procure the transfer to him (or a nominee for him) of the Shares so subscribed for or purchased.  9.5There shall be made from any payment under this Rule such deductions (on account of tax, dealing expenses, exchange rate costs or similar liabilities) as may be required by law or as the Board may reasonably consider to be necessary or desirable.  __clusterTitleType__17 
  Notwithstanding any provision contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company shall not issue fractional shares upon exercise of Warrants. If, by reason of any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 12, the holder of any Warrant would be entitled, upon the exercise of such Warrant, to receive a fractional interest in a share, the Company shall, upon such exercise, round up to the nearest whole number of the Ordinary Shares to be issued to the Warrant holder. __clusterTitleType__17 
 In connection with any surrender of an ADR for withdrawal of the Deposited Securities represented by the ADSs evidenced thereby, the Depositary may require proper endorsement in blank of such ADR (or duly executed instruments of transfer thereof in blank) and the Holders written order directing the Depositary to cause the Deposited Securities represented by the ADSs evidenced by such ADR to be withdrawn and delivered to, or upon the written order of, any person designated in such order (a Withdrawal Order). Directions from the Depositary to the Custodian to deliver Deposited Securities shall be given by letter, first class airmail postage prepaid, or, at the request, risk and expense of the Holder, by cable, telex or facsimile transmission. Delivery of Deposited Securities may be made by the delivery of certificates (which, if required by law shall be properly endorsed or accompanied by properly executed instruments of transfer or, if such certificates may be registered, registered in the name of such Holder or as ordered by such Holder in any Withdrawal Order) or by such other means as the Depositary may deem practicable, including, without limitation, by transfer of record ownership thereof to an account designated in the Withdrawal Order maintained either by the Company or an accredited intermediary, such as a bank, acting as a registrar for the Deposited Securities. __clusterTitleType__17 
 If, after the date of this Agreement but prior to the Closing Date, any portion of the Assets is damaged or destroyed by fire or other casualty or is taken in condemnation or under right of eminent domain, Purchasers shall nevertheless be required to close and Purchasers shall elect by written notice to Sellers prior to Closing either (i) to cause the Assets affected by any casualty to be repaired or restored, at Sellers sole cost, as promptly as reasonably practicable (which work may extend after the Closing Date), or (ii) to accept an assignment of Sellers insurance proceeds and other claims against third parties with respect to the casualty or taking. Notwithstanding the preceding, (i) if the aggregate losses caused by such casualties and takings exceed ten percent (10%) of the Purchase Price, any Seller orPurchasers may, by notice to the other at least one Business Day prior to Closing, elect to terminate this Agreement under Section 10.1 or (ii) if the losses caused by such casualties and takings exceed ten percent (10%) of the Allocated Value of any Lease, Purchasers may by notice to Sellers at least one Business Day prior to Closing elect to accept an assignment of Sellers insurance proceeds and other claims against third parties with respect to such casualty and takings ARTICLE 4 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLERS __clusterTitleType__17 
 Consultant's engagement pursuant to this Agreement shall be month to month and project based and shall commence upon the date of execution hereof (the "Commencement Date"). __clusterTitleType__18 
 Prior to the Closing Date, except as required by Law or the rules of any stock exchange, no public announcement or other publicity regarding the transactions referred to herein shall be made by the Buyer, the Seller, the Company or any of their respective Affiliates, officers, directors, employees, representatives or agents, without the prior written agreement of the Buyer and the Seller, in any case, as to form, content, timing and manner of distribution or publication; provided, however, that nothing in this Section shall prevent such parties from discussing such transactions with those Persons whose approval, agreement or opinion, as the case may be, is required for consummation of such particular transaction or transactions. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Ken Reali December 11, 2009 Page 3 (a) Standard During the term of your employment, you will be eligible to participate in the Companys standard vacation and benefits covering Company employee executives at your level, as such may be in effect from time to time. (b) Apartment The Company shall provide you with an apartment in Wilmington, North Carolina for such time as you have not moved your family to Wilmington, North Carolina during the term of your employment with the Company. __clusterTitleType__17 
 On the basis of the representations, warranties and covenants of the Underwriters contained in this Agreement, the Company agrees to issue and sell to the Underwriters, and, on the basis of the representations, warranties and covenants of the Company contained in this Agreement and subject to the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement, each of the Underwriters, severally and not jointly, agrees to purchase from the Company, the number of Underwritten Securities set forth opposite its name on Schedule I attached hereto. The purchase price for the Underwritten Securities shall be $4.37 per share. On the basis of the representations, warranties and covenants of the Underwriters contained in this Agreement, the Company hereby grants an option to the several Underwriters to purchase, severally and not jointly, up to 2,925,000 Option Securities at the same purchase price per share as the Underwriters shall pay for the Underwritten Securities. Said option may be exercised only to cover over-allotments in the sale of the Underwritten Securities by the Underwriters. Said option may be exercised in whole or in part at any time on or before the 30th day after the date of the Final Prospectus upon written or telegraphic notice by the Representatives to the Company setting forth the number of Option Securities as to which the several Underwriters are exercising the option and the settlement date. The number of Option Securities to be purchased by each Underwriter shall be the same percentage of the total number of shares of the Option Securities to be purchased by the several Underwriters as such 3 Underwriter is purchasing of the Underwritten Securities, subject to such adjustments as you in your absolute discretion shall make to eliminate any fractional shares. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Debt Owner shall pay Agency for collection of Accounts a contingency fee set forth in Exhibit 1 of the gross amount of monies collected on all placements. Agency will be entitled to these fees on amounts collected by or paid directly to Debt Owner on Accounts which Debt Owner has sent to Agency and which have not, pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, been returned to Debt Owner. Agency will bear all costs and expense involved with collecting an Account. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Seller will have no obligation under this Agreement if: (1) repair or replacement of the Equipment or parts is required as a result of normal wear and tear or necessitated in whole or part by catastrophic or causes external to the Equipment, or (2) the Equipment has not been properly used or maintained in accordance with then applicable operating and maintenance manuals. __clusterTitleType__17 
 To the extent that the Restricted Period applicable to any Restricted Shares shall have lapsed, the Grantee may receive, hold, sell or otherwise dispose of such Shares free and clear of the restrictions imposed under this Agreement upon compliance with applicable legal requirements. __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Agreement is governed by the laws of Texas, the United States of America and, to the extent required, by the laws of the jurisdiction where the Property is located, except to the extent such state laws are preempted by federal law. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Unless the Board of Directors otherwise consents, Optionee agrees hereby not to sell or otherwise transfer any Shares or other securities of the Company during the 180-day period following the effective date of a registration statement of the Company filed under the Act; provided, however, that such restriction shall apply only to the first two registration statements of the Company to become effective under the Act which includes securities to be sold on behalf of the Company to the public in an underwritten public offering under the Act. The Company may impose stop-transfer instructions with respect to securities subject to the foregoing restrictions until the end of such 180-day period. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Consultant acknowledges it is a policy of the Company to maintain as secret and confidential all information heretofore or hereafter acquired, developed, used or useful to the Company relating to the business, operations, technology or customers of the Company or of any affiliates of the Company, including without limitation, customer lists and business or trade secrets developed by or on behalf of the Company. (All of the above is collectively referred to as Confidential Information). The Consultant shall not, without the prior written consent of Company, disclose to anyone the terms of this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Neither the Company nor the Operating Partnership has entered into, and each agrees not to enter into, any agreement with respect to its securities that is inconsistent with the registration rights granted to the Holders herein. __clusterTitleType__17 
 13.1Severability. If any of the provisions of the Agreement shall be invalid or unenforceable, such invalidity shall not invalidate or render unenforceable the entire Agreement, but rather the entire Agreement shall be construed as if not containing the particular invalid or unenforceable provisions, and the rights and obligations the Company and the Executive shall be construed and enforced accordingly. 13.2Notices. All communications and notices required by or relating to the Agreement shall be deemed to have been duly given upon receipt in writing by the addressee addressed as indicated below: Ecology Coatings, Inc. Daniel V. Iannotti Attn: Chairman Ecology Coatings, Inc. 2701 Cambridge Ct., Suite 100 2701 Cambridge Ct., Suite 100 Auburn Hills, MI 48326 Auburn Hills, MI 48326 The address to which notices or communications may be given by either party may be changed by written notice given by such party to the other pursuant to the Article. The mailing or transmittance of any notice shall be deemed complete upon the mailing or transmission of the notice to the address stated above or any subsequent amended address. 13.3Law. The Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Michigan in all respects, including matters of construction, validity, and performance. The parties irrevocably agree that, all actions of proceedings in any way, manner or respect arising out of or from or related to the Agreement shall be litigated only in courts located in the State of Michigan and hereby consent and submit to the jurisdiction of any local, State, or Federal court located in the State of Michigan. 13.4Non-Waiver. No course of dealing or failure of either party to strictly enforce any term, right or condition of the Agreement shall be construed as a waiver of such terms, right or condition. 13.5Entire Agreement. The Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement between the parties and may not be modified or amended other than by a written instrument executed by both parties. All agreements, oral or written, entered into by or on behalf of the parties prior to the Agreement are revoked and superseded hereby. No representations, warranties, inducements or oral agreements have been made by any of the parties except as expressly set forth herein. 13.6Assignment. Any assignment of the Agreement by either party must be approved in writing by the other party and the assignee must agree in writing to be bound by the terms of the Agreement. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the foregoing Agreement has been executed by the parties hereto to be effective as of the day and year first above written. Ecology Coatings, Inc. Executive /s/ JB Smith/s/ Daniel V. Iannotti Daniel V. Iannotti Its: Board Member __clusterTitleType__12 
 This Agreement is subject to all of the terms and provisions of the Plan, receipt of a copy of which is hereby acknowledged by the Optionee. The Optionee further acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Stockholders Agreement. The Optionee hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive, and final all decisions and interpretations of the Administrator upon any questions arising under the Plan, this Agreement, and Notice of Stock Option Grant. 3 __clusterTitleType__17 
 Escrow Agent may resign or be removed, at any time, for any reason, by written notice of its resignation or removal to the proper parties at their respective addresses as set forth herein, at least 60 days before the date specified for such resignation or removal to take effect; upon the effective date of such resignation or removal: (a) All cash and other payments and all other property then held by the Escrow Agent hereunder shall be delivered by it to such successor escrow agent as may be designated in writing by the Company, whereupon the Escrow Agents obligations hereunder shall cease and terminate; or (b) If no such successor escrow agent has been designated by such date, all obligations of the Escrow Agent hereunder shall, nevertheless, cease and terminate, and the Escrow Agents sole responsibility thereafter shall be to keep all property then held by it and to deliver the same to a person designated in writing by the Company or in accordance with the directions of a final order or judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction; and (c) Further, if no such successor escrow agent has been designated by such date, the Escrow Agent may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor agent; further the Escrow Agent may pay into such court all monies and property deposited with Escrow Agent under this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Trustee as Paying Agent shall, and the Company shall require each Paying Agent other than the Trustee to agree in writing that each Paying Agent shall, hold in trust for the benefit of the Holders of any Series of Securities or the Trustee all assets held by the Paying Agent for the payment of principal of, or interest or premium, if any, on, such Series of Securities (whether such assets have been distributed to it by the Company or any other obligor on such Series of Securities), and the Company and the Paying Agent shall notify the Trustee in writing of any Default by the Company (or any other obligor on such Series of Securities) in making any such payment. The Company at any time may require a Paying Agent to distribute all assets held by it to the Trustee and account for any assets disbursed, and the Trustee may, at any time during the continuance of any payment default with respect to any Series of Securities, upon written request to a Paying Agent, require such Paying Agent to distribute all assets held by it to the Trustee and to account for any assets distributed. Upon distribution to the Trustee of all assets that shall have been delivered by the Company to the Paying Agent, the Paying Agent shall have no further liability for such assets. 11 __clusterTitleType__17 
 Each certificate(s) representing the Shares shall carry substantially the following legend: The transferability of this certificate and the shares of stock represented hereby are subject to the restrictions, terms and conditions (including repurchase and restrictions against transfers) contained in a certain Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement between the Company and the holder of this certificate (a copy of which is available at the offices of the Company for examination). The securities represented hereby have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act), or any state securities or blue sky laws and may not be offered, sold, transferred, hypothecated or otherwise assigned except (1) pursuant to a registration statement with respect to such securities which is effective under the Act; or (2) pursuant to an available exemption from registration under the Act relating to the disposition of securities; and (3) in accordance with applicable state securities and blue sky laws. __clusterTitleType__17 
 You hereby irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York and the Federal courts of the United States of America located in the State of New York solely in respect of the interpretation and enforcement of the provisions of this Agreement, and hereby waive, and agree not to assert, as a defense that you are -3- not subject thereto or that the venue thereof may not be appropriate. You hereby agree that mailing of process or other papers in connection with any such action or proceeding in any manner as may be permitted by law shall be valid and sufficient service thereof. __clusterTitleType__19 
  15.1There are no effective agreements restricting the liberty of any member of the Target Group to provide services or restricting the liberty to establish trade contacts with any person it deems fit at any time, and there are no contracts in whatever form restricting the members of the Target Group to carry on any activities in any part of the world.  15.2None of the members of the Target Group is or has been a party to any agreement, arrangement, concerted practice or usual transaction which act is subject to the competition law, anti-restriction trading practice, anti-monopoly law, consumer protection law or any relevant applicable legislation (Anti-monopoly Rules) under any jurisdiction.  Neither is it or has it been required by its regulations to declare or in conflict with it or is or has become the subject of any inquiry, investigation or litigation proceedings under such legislation or in breach of such legislation (as far as the Vendor knows). 15.3None of the members of the Target Group is in breach or in contravention of any terms, decrees, judgments, rules or other legal documents, or in breach or in contravention of undertakings relating to any Anti-monopoly Rules.  Neither has it received any complaint made or threatened to be made by any person under Anti-monopoly Rules, received information requests, investigations or protests relating to Anti-monopoly Rules, nor has it instituted any litigation proceedings on the ground or basis of Anti-monopoly Rules (or any of their provisions) as defence. __clusterTitleType__17 
 There will be reserved for use, upon the issuance, vesting or exercise of Awards to be granted from time to time under the Plan, an aggregate of Five Hundred Thousand (500,000) Shares, which Shares may be, in whole or in part, as the Board shall from time to time determine, authorized but unissued Shares, or issued Shares which shall have been reacquired by the Company. Any Shares subject to issuance upon exercise of Options but which are not issued because of a surrender, lapse, expiration, forfeiture or termination of any such Option prior to issuance of the Shares shall once again be available for issuance in satisfaction of Awards. Similarly, any Shares issued pursuant to a Restricted Stock Award which are subsequently forfeited pursuant to the terms of the related Restricted Stock Award Agreement shall once again be available for issuance in satisfaction of Awards. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Holder further acknowledges and understands that the Securities may not be resold or otherwise transferred except in a transaction registered under the Securities Act or unless an exemption from such registration is available. __clusterTitleType__23 
 In case of any of the following events SSD will have the right either to maintain the Agreement while claiming payment at once of all remaining payment terms increased with interest, damages and costs, or to dissolve the Agreement in which case Minatura has to return the Equipment immediately to SSD, SSD being also entitled to take the Equipment back itself and for that purpose enter the business park or business activities of Minatura, under the obligation for Minatura to pay interest, damages and costs: a. When Minatura remains in default of any obligation under this Agreement despite summation of SSD; b. In case of dissolution, liquidation of merger of Minatura; and c. When a petition for suspension of payments or bankruptcy for Minatura has been filed. __clusterTitleType__17 
 2 (a) Except as provided hereunder, during the term of this Agreement, each Shareholder shall not (nor permit any Person under such Shareholders control to), directly or indirectly, (i) grant any proxies, powers of attorney, rights of first offer or refusal, or enter into any voting trust or voting agreement or arrangement with respect to any of such Shareholders Subject Shares, (ii) sell (including short sell), assign, transfer, tender, pledge, encumber, grant a participation interest in, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of (including by gift) (each, a Transfer) any of such Shareholders Subject Shares, (iii) otherwise permit any Liens to be created on any of such Shareholders Subject Shares or (iv) enter into any Contract with respect to the direct or indirect Transfer of any of such Shareholders Subject Shares No Shareholder shall, and shall not permit any Person under such Shareholders control or any of such Shareholders or such Persons respective representatives to, seek or solicit any such Transfer or any such Contract. Without limiting the foregoing, each Shareholder shall not take any other action that would in any way restrict, limit or interfere in any material respect with the performance of such Shareholders obligations hereunder or the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Shareholder shall have the right to Transfer all or any portion of his, her or its Subject Shares to a Permitted Transferee of such Shareholder if and only if such Permitted Transferee shall have agreed in writing, in a manner reasonably acceptable in form and substance to Parent, (i) to accept such Subject Shares subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and (ii) to be bound by this Agreement and to agree and acknowledge that such Person shall constitute a Shareholder for all purposes of this Agreement Permitted Transferee means, with respect to any Shareholder, (A) any other Shareholder, (B) a spouse, lineal descendant or antecedent, brother or sister, adopted child or grandchild or the spouse of any child, adopted child, grandchild or adopted grandchild of such Shareholder, (C) any trust, the trustees of which include only the Persons named in clauses (A) or (B) and the beneficiaries of which include only the Persons named in clauses (A) or (B), or (D) if such Shareholder is a trust, the beneficiary or beneficiaries authorized or entitled to receive distributions from such trust. (c) Each Shareholder hereby authorizes Parent and Merger Sub to direct the Company to impose stop orders to prevent the Transfer of any Subject Shares on the books of the Company in violation of this Agreement __clusterTitleType__17 
 If any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement (including without limitation, each portion of any Section of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law; (b) such provision or provisions shall be deemed reformed to the extent necessary to conform to applicable law and to give the maximum effect to the intent of the parties hereto; and (c) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement 9 (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested thereby. __clusterTitleType__14 
 This Agreement shall not be amended, changed, modified, terminated, or discharged in whole or in part except by an instrument in writing signed by each of the parties hereto, or by their respective successors or assigns, or otherwise as provided herein. 13 __clusterTitleType__15 
 The Unbranded Marketer agrees to lift Product on a Ratable Basis as defined in the Agreement. If during any month Unbranded Marketer purchases, other than as a result of supply disruptions or force majeure, less than 90% or more than 2 110% of the monthly Contract Volume as defined in the Agreement, Unbranded Marketer shall be in violation of the Agreement and CITGO may terminate both the Agreement and/or this Addendum upon twenty-four (24) hours prior written notice. CONTRACT VOLUME (Gallons) TERMINAL: Lake Chs, LA (CITGO) Kenner, LA (Motiva) Port Allen, LA (Placid) PRODUCT: ULSD ULSD ULSD January 760,000 350,000 390,000 February 760,000 350,000 390,000 March 760,000 350,000 390,000 April 760,000 350,000 390,000 May 760,000 350,000 390,000 June 760,000 350,000 390,000 July 760,000 350,000 390,000 August 760,000 350,000 390,000 September 760,000 350,000 390,000 October 760,000 350,000 390,000 November 760,000 350,000 390,000 December 760,000 350,000 390,000 Total: 9,120,000 4,200,000 4,680,000 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Addendum was executed on the date above written. CITGO PETROLEUM CORPORATION JEI DISTRIBUTING, a LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY /s/ I.T. White /s/ Stan Guidroz (Signature) (Signature) I.T White Stan Guidroz (Printed Name) (Printed Name) General Mgr. Business Analysis & Enhancement President (Title) (Title) 3 __clusterTitleType__17 
 In the event of a merger, consolidation, recapitalization or reorganization of the Company or a reclassification of Company shares of stock, which results in an adjustment to the number of shares subject to this Warrant and/or the Exercise Price hereunder, the Company agrees to issue to the Warrant Holder a substitute Warrant reflecting the adjusted number of shares and/or Exercise Price upon the surrender of this Warrant to the Company. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Indemnitee agrees promptly to notify the Company in writing upon being served with or otherwise receiving any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating to any Proceeding or matter which may be subject to indemnification covered hereunder. The failure to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company of any obligation which it may have to Indemnitee under this Agreement or otherwise unless and only to the extent that such failure or delay materially prejudices the Company. __clusterTitleType__17 
 On and after the date hereof, each reference in the Credit Agreement to this Credit Agreement, hereunder, hereof, herein or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement, and each reference in the other Loan Documents to the Credit Agreement, thereunder, thereof or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement as amended by this Amendment. Except as expressly set forth herein, the provisions of the Term Loan Facility Agreement are and shall remain in full force and effect. The execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment shall not constitute a waiver of any provision of, or operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of the Lender under the Credit Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents. __clusterTitleType__15 
 33 __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Subscriber hereby irrevocably subscribes to purchase from the Company the number of Units and at the aggregate purchase price (the Purchase Price) set forth on the execution page to this Subscription Agreement titled SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT SIGNATURE PAGE. __clusterTitleType__17 
 At any time on or before December 5, 2011, the Borrower shall have the right to redeem this Note for a price equal to the Outstanding Amount. Borrower shall give Lender 20 days advance notice of its intention to redeem and Lender shall have the right to convert this Note pursuant to Section 3.1 during such 20 day period. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The term "Landlord" as used in this Lease shall mean the owner or lessee for the time being of the property containing the Demised Premises, and if such property or Lease be sold or transferred, the seller or assignor shall be entirely relieved of all covenants and obligations under this Lease and it shall be deemed without further agreement between the parties hereto and their successors, that the purchaser on such sale or the lessee or assigned has assumed and agreed to carry out covenants and obligations of Landlord hereunder. Boomerange Lease 4.13.09 Page 22 of 35 __clusterTitleType__17 
  The Stock Units under this Award shall be subject to the provisions of the Stock Plan relating to adjustments for changes in corporate capitalization. __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Subscription Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada as applied to residents of that state entering into contracts wholly to be performed in that state, without regards to conflicts of laws principles. The Subscriber hereby agrees that any suit, action, or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Subscription Agreement, any amendments or any replacements hereof, and any transactions or agreements relating hereto shall be brought in the courts of, or the Federal courts in, the State of Nevada, County of Washoe, and the Subscriber hereby irrevocably consents and submits to the jurisdiction of such courts for the purposes of any such suit, action or proceeding, and the Subscriber agrees that service of process on the Subscriber in such suit, action or proceeding may be made in the same way as is prescribed by this Subscription Agreement for other notices. The Subscriber hereby waives, and agrees not to assert against the Company or any assignee thereof, by way of motion, as a defense, or otherwise, in any such suit, action or proceeding, (a) any claim that he or she is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of the above-named courts or that his or her property is exempt or immune from setoff, execution or attachment, either prior to judgment or in execution thereof, and (b) to the extent permitted by applicable law, any claim that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of suit, action or proceeding is improper or that this subscription agreement or any amendments or any replacements hereof may not be enforced in or by such courts. Venue for such actions as set forth above is intended to be inclusive. __clusterTitleType__17 
 It is the intent of the Maker and the Holder in the execution of this Note that the indebtedness hereunder be exempt from the restrictions of the usury laws of any applicable jurisdiction. The Maker and the Holder agree that none of the terms and provisions contained herein shall be construed to create a contract for the use, forbearance or detention of money requiring payment of interest at a rate in excess of the maximum interest rate permitted to be charged by the laws of any applicable jurisdiction. In such event, if any holder of this Note shall collect monies which are deemed to constitute interest which would otherwise increase the effective interest rate on this Note to a rate in excess of the maximum rate permitted to be charged by the laws of any applicable jurisdiction, all such sums deemed to constitute interest in excess of such maximum rate shall, at the option of such holder, be credited to the payment of this principal amount due hereunder or returned to the Maker. ARTICLE II COVENANTS __clusterTitleType__17 
 . Wharton and the Company further agree that neither Wharton nor any of its affiliates or any of their respective officers, directors, controlling persons employees or agents shall any liability to the Company, its security holders or creditors, or any person asserting claims on behalf of or in the right of the Company (whether direct or indirect, in contract, tort, for an act of negligence or otherwise) for any losses, fees, damages, liabilities, costs, expenses or equitable relief arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the Services rendered hereunder, except for losses, fees, damages, liabilities, costs or expenses that arise out of or are based on any action of or failure to act by Wharton and that are finally judicially determined to have resulted solely from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Wharton. __clusterTitleType__17 
 (a) As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meaning: (i) Potential Material Event means any of the following: (a) the possession by the Company of material information not ripe for disclosure in a Registration Statement, which shall be evidenced by determinations in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company that disclosure of such information in the Registration Statement would be detrimental to the business and affairs of the Company, or (b) any material engagement or activity by the Company which would, in the good faith determination of the Board of Directors of the Company, be adversely affected by disclosure in a Registration Statement at such time, which determination shall be accompanied by a good faith determination by the (ii)Board of Directors of the Company that the Registration Statement would be materially misleading absent the inclusion of such information.  (iii) "Subscription Date" shall have the same meaning as set forth in the Purchase Agreement (iv) "Investor", has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement. (v) "Register", "registered" and "registration" refer to a registration effected by preparing and filing a Registration Statement or Statements in compliance with the Securities Act and pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act or any successor rule providing for offering securities on a delayed or continuous basis ("Rule 415"), and the declaration or ordering of effectiveness of such Registration Statement by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") (vi) "Registrable Securities" shall have the same meaning as set forth in the Purchase Agreement. (vii) "Registration Statement" shall have the same meaning as set forth in the Purchase Agreement (b) Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement __clusterTitleType__3 
 This Subscription Agreement is not transferable or assignable by the Subscriber except as provided herein. 7 __clusterTitleType__17 
 person whose shares have been forfeited shall cease to be a Member in respect of the forfeited shares , but shall , notwithstanding , remain liable to pay to the Company all moneys which at the date of forfeiture were payable by him to the Company in respect of the shares , but his liability shall cease if and when the Company receives payment in full of the fully paid up amount of the shares . 11 __clusterTitleType__17 
  Each of the parties hereto hereby represents and warrants that as of the Effective Date: 1. this Amendment has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by it; 2. this Amendment and the Credit Agreement, as amended hereby, constitute legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by (i) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws of general applicability affecting the enforcement of creditors rights and (ii) the application of general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law); and 3. execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment and the Credit Agreement, as amended hereby, will not conflict with or result in a breach of, or require any consent under, the charter or by-laws or other constitutive document of it, or any applicable law or regulation, or any order, writ, injunction, or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitral panel, or any agreement or instrument to which the Borrower, Parent or any of their Subsidiaries is a party or by which any of them or any of their property is bound or to which any of them is subject, or constitute a default under any such agreement or instrument, or (except for Liens created in accordance with the Security Documents and the other Loan Documents) result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any property of the Borrower, Parent or any of their Subsidiaries pursuant to the terms of any such agreement or instrument. __clusterTitleType__11 
 This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada. Any dispute between the parties arising from this Agreement shall be submitted to binding arbitration conducted pursuant to the rules of the American Arbitration Association (AAA), except that the AAA shall not be notified of the arbitration. The venue for any arbitration arising under this Section 13 shall be in Reno, Nevada. The arbitration shall be conducted before one arbitrator selected by the parties from the AAAs roster of commercial arbitrators. In the event the parties are unable to reach agreement on an arbitrator within 20 days of notice by the party demanding arbitration, the arbitrator shall be appointed by the presiding judge of Washoe County Superior Court in Nevada. The parties agree that the substantially prevailing party in any arbitration brought pursuant to this Section 13 will be awarded his or its reasonable attorneys fees and costs incurred therein. The arbitration award shall be non-appealable and may be confirmed and enforced in any state or federal court having competent jurisdiction. __clusterTitleType__17 
 4.1 All business revenue of Party B shall be directed in full by Party B into a bank account(s) nominated by Party A. __clusterTitleType__17 
 This note together with certain other notes issued by the Makers to the other Lenders as of the date hereof constitute a renewal and restatement of, and replacement and substitution for, certain Revolving Notes in the aggregate principal amount of $125,000,000 dated as of February 10, 2009 previously issued by the Makers under the terms of the Credit Agreement (the Prior Notes). The indebtedness evidenced by the Prior Notes is continuing indebtedness evidenced by this note and the other notes issued by the Makers to the other Lenders as of the date hereof, and nothing herein or therein shall be deemed to constitute a payment, settlement or novation of the prior indebtedness, or to release or otherwise adversely affect the rights of the Administrative Agent, the Payee or any other Lender with respect to any Maker or any other Loan Party. [SIGNATURE PAGE TO FOLLOW] 3 ALLSCRIPTS-MISYS HEALTHCARE SOLUTIONS, INC. (F/K/A ALLSCRIPTS HEALTHCARE SOLUTIONS, INC.), a Delaware corporation By: Name: Title: ALLSCRIPTSMISYS, LLC, (F/K/A MISYS HEALTHCARE SYSTEMS, LLC, and successor by merger to ALLSCRIPTS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, A4 HEALTH SYSTEMS, INC., a North Carolina corporation, A4 REALTY, LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company, and EXTENDED CARE INFORMATION NETWORK, INC., a Delaware corporation), a North Carolina limited liability company By: Name: Title: Signature Page to Revolving Loan Note 4 __clusterTitleType__17 
 To the extent requested by Indemnitee and approved by the Board of Directors of the Company, the Company may at any time and from time to time provide security to SPS Commerce, Inc. Form of Director Indemnification Agreement [VC Director] Page 8 Indemnitee for the Companys obligations hereunder through an irrevocable bank line of credit, funded trust or other collateral. Any such security, once provided to Indemnitee, may not be revoked or released without the prior written consent of the Indemnitee. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The headings in this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be used to define, limit or describe the scope of this Agreement or any of the obligations herein. 2 MIKTAM TECHNOLOGIES, INC. __clusterTitleType__24 
  Consultant acknowledges and agrees that he is an independent contractor of the Company and shall not be deemed to be an employee of the Company. Consultant shall be responsible for and pay all taxes assessed on all compensation provided to Consultant under the terms of this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Grantee shall not sell, transfer, assign or otherwise dispose of any Shares while such Shares are subject to the Restrictions. Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement to the contrary, such Restrictions shall not apply to any transfer or gift during lifetime or death of the Grantee to a Permitted Transferee provided that: (a) Grantee informs the Company of such transfer prior to effecting it; and (b) the transferee or donee shall furnish the Company with a written agreement to be bound by and comply with all provisions of this Agreement. For purposes of this Agreement, Permitted Transferee means any trust if the trust is revocable by the Grantee and if the Grantee is the primary beneficiary of that trust during his or her lifetime. __clusterTitleType__17 
  2.01Client Representations and Covenants. Client acknowledges and agrees that it is solely responsible for disclosing to prospective and current Members all Program information legally required to be disclosed, including, but not limited to, information related to the calculation of amounts to be paid by Members, coverage and exclusions and enrollment requirements. 2.02Purchase of Prescription Drugs. Client understands and agrees that its Members are responsible for 100% of the contracted price of the Prescription Drugs dispensed at the point of sale. Paramount Rx shall have no liability or obligation whatsoever (whether in contract, tort, equity or otherwise) to pay for such Prescription Drugs. 1 2.03Cooperation. Client represents and warrants that all Program information provided by or on behalf of Client to Paramount Rx shall be true, accurate and complete. Client further agrees to provide Paramount Rx with all information and the data necessary, in such form as Paramount Rx may reasonably require, enabling Paramount Rx to review and process each claim and to provide its services in connection with this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
  4.1The Board may, in its absolute discretion, determine that an RSU Award will be granted to any Employee who will be awarded a Bonus in excess of 5,000 (or currency equivalent) or such other amount as the Board may in its absolute discretion decide from time to time (the Threshold Amount), upon the terms set out in this Plan and upon such other terms as the Board may specify at the time of award.  4.2Where the Board determines that an RSU Award will be granted to a particular Employee:  4.2.1the Board shall, in its absolute discretion, specify a percentage of the Employees Bonus in excess of the Threshold Amount to be paid in the form of an RSU Award rather than in cash; and  4.2.2the Employee will be notified in writing of the percentage of his or her Bonus in respect of which he will receive an RSU Award prior to the Award Date.  4.3Unless otherwise determined by the Board at the time of the Award, the number of Shares subject to an RSU Award shall equal the number of Shares which could have been acquired with the amount of the Bonus (before tax and other required withholdings which may be  - 5 - applicable) in respect of which the RSU Award is made at the price per Share equal to the closing price of the Shares on the New York Stock Exchange on the Award Date. 4.4Where the Board determines, the grant of an RSU Award to a Participant resident in the UK will be conditional upon the execution of a joint election with his or her employing company to accept the liability for employers National Insurance Contributions arising on the Vesting Date or release of the RSU Award.  In the case of Participants resident in any other country (excluding the USA), such Participant agrees that if his or her employing company incurs any social security or payroll costs or taxes on the Vesting Date or release of the RSU Award the Participant shall, if requested, reimburse the employing company in respect thereof. __clusterTitleType__17 
  The Borrower hereby represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Syndication Parties as follows: (a) The Borrower has all requisite power and authority, corporate or otherwise, to execute and deliver this Amendment and to perform its obligations under this Amendment and the Loan Documents to which the Borrower is a party This Amendment and the Loan Documents to which the Borrower is a party have been duly and validly executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower, and this Amendment and the Loan Documents to which the Borrower is a party constitute the Borrowers legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their terms. (b) The execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of this Amendment and the Loan Documents to which the Borrower is a party have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other action and do not and will not (i) require any authorization, consent or approval by any governmental department, commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality, domestic or foreign, (ii) violate the Borrowers organizational documents or any provision of any law, rule, regulation or order presently in effect having applicability to the Borrower, or (iii) result in a breach of, or constitute a default under, any indenture or agreement to which the Borrower is a party or by which the Borrower or its properties may be bound or affected (c) All of the representations and warranties contained in Article 8 of the Credit Agreement are correct on and as of the date hereof as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties relate solely to an earlier date. -6- __clusterTitleType__11 
 Each Shareholder (a) consents to and authorizes the publication and disclosure by Parent of such Shareholders identity and holdings of Subject Shares, the nature of such Shareholders commitments, arrangements and understandings under this Agreement and any other information, in each case, that Parent reasonably determines is required to be disclosed by applicable Law in any press release or any other disclosure document in connection with the Merger and the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and (b) agrees to promptly give to Parent any information it may reasonably require for the preparation of any such disclosure documents. Each Shareholder agrees to promptly notify Parent of any required corrections with respect to any information supplied by such Shareholder 3 specifically for use in any such disclosure document, if and to the extent that any such information shall have become false or misleading in any material respect. __clusterTitleType__17 
  8.1This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of British Columbia and the laws of Canada applicable therein.  8.2The invalidity or unenforceability of any particular provision of this Agreement shall not affect or limit the validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement.  8.3Time is of the essence of this Agreement.  8.4This Agreement will be binding upon and will enure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns.  8.5This Agreement is the whole agreement between the parties hereto in respect of the Assumption contemplated hereby and there are no warranties, representations, terms, conditions, or collateral agreements expressed or implied, statutory or otherwise, other than expressly set forth in this Agreement.  8.6This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which will be deemed to be an original and all of which will together constitute one and the same instrument.  8.7Delivery of an executed copy of this Agreement by electronic facsimile transmission or other means of electronic communication capable of producing a printed copy will be deemed to be execution and delivery of this Agreement as of the date set forth on page one of this Agreement.  - 3 - IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written. NEXAIRA WIRELESS INC. Per: Authorized Signatory Name: Ralph Proceviat Title: Chief Financial Officer and Director NEXAIRA, INC. Per: Authorized Signatory Name: Ralph Proceviat Title: Chief Financial Officer and Director (Debt Holder) Per: Authorized Signatory Name: Title: __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Agreement shall continue until and terminate upon the later of (a) 10 years after the date that Indemnitee shall have ceased to serve at the request of Willis US and/or the Company as a director, secretary, officer or executive of the Company or other Enterprise or (b) one year after the final termination of any Proceeding, including any appeal, then pending in respect of which Indemnitee is granted rights of indemnification or advancement of Expenses hereunder and of any proceeding commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 13 relating thereto. __clusterTitleType__21 
  10.1The members of the Target Group do not use any processes and are not engaged in any activities which involve the misuse of any confidential information possessed by any third party.  10.2The Vendor and the members of the Target Group are not aware of any actual or alleged misuse by any person of any of their Confidential Information.  10.3The members of the Target Group have not disclosed to any person any of their Confidential Information except where such disclosure was properly made in the normal course of their respective business and was made subject to an agreement under which the recipient is obliged to maintain the confidentiality of such Confidential Information and is restrained from further disclosing or using it.  10.4Confidential Information used by the members of the Target Group is kept strictly confidential and the members of the Target Group operate and fully comply with procedures which maintain such confidentiality, which confidentiality has not been breached.  __clusterTitleType__17 
  For purposes of the Plan, unless the Committee determines otherwise: (a) a transfer of a Participants employment without an intervening period of separation among Willis Group and any Subsidiary shall not be deemed a termination of employment, and (b) a Participant who is granted in writing a leave of absence shall be deemed to have remained in the employ of Willis Group during such leave of absence. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Purchaser hereby represents and warrants to the Company as follows: (a) The Purchaser is acquiring the Shares for his or her own account as principal, for investment purposes only, and not with a view to, or for, resale or distribution of all or any part of the Shares, and no other person has a direct or indirect beneficial interest in such Shares (b) The Purchaser acknowledges his or her understanding that the sale of the Shares is intended to be exempt from registration under the Act, and, in furtherance thereof, the Purchaser represents and warrants to and agrees with the Company that the Purchaser has the financial ability to bear the economic risk of his or her investment in the Shares, has adequate means for providing for his or her current needs and contingencies and has no need for liquidity with respect to his or her investment in the Shares (c) The Purchaser has determined the Shares are a suitable investment for the Purchaser and that at this time he or she can bear a complete loss of his or her investment in the Shares. __clusterTitleType__11 
  In case any provision in or obligation under this Agreement shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions or obligations, or of such provision or obligation in any other jurisdiction, shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 17 __clusterTitleType__14 
  Each Borrower hereby represents, warrants and covenants as follows: 9.1 Representations in the Loan Agreement and the Loan Documents. Each of the representations and warranties made by or on behalf of each Borrower to Agent or any Lender in the Loan Agreement or any of the Loan Documents was true and correct when made, and is, except for the Specified Defaults, true and correct on and as of the date of this Agreement with the same full force and effect as if each of such representations and warranties had been made by each Borrower on the date hereof and in this Agreement. 9.2 Binding Effect of Documents. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered to Agent and Lenders by each Borrower, is enforceable in accordance with its terms and is in full force and effect. 9.3 No Conflict. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by each Borrower will not violate any requirement of law or contractual obligation of any Borrower and will not result in, or require, the creation or imposition of any Lien on any of their respective properties or revenues. __clusterTitleType__11 
 Nothing in this Agreement is intended to limit the extent to which the Company may declare and pay dividends to the Shareholders in respect of each Financial Year during the term of this Agreement, and the Company shall pay such dividends (whether cash or otherwise) as may be declared by the Board of directors pursuant, and subject to the Commercial Companies Law and the Memorandum of Association. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The undersigned, (on behalf of itself, its successors, and its assigns), agrees not to sell or otherwise transfer or dispose of any Shares acquired in the Offering, including any Shares acquired upon exercise of the Warrants, for a period not to exceed one hundred eighty (180) days following the effective date of a registration statement of the Company filed under the Securities Act in connection with an underwritten public offering of the Companys Common Stock if so requested by the underwriter of such offering. The Company may impose stock transfer instructions with respect to the Securities subject to the foregoing restriction until the end of such period. Subscription Agreement Page 3 of 9 __clusterTitleType__17 
 A. de C.V. owns equipment suitable for exploring for precious mineral deposits or extracting and processing mineral ores for the purpose of sale of such refined product, Exhibit B further describes the equipment. Mexus Gold Mining, S.A. de C.V. agrees to maintain the equipment listed on Exhibit B in good working order and free of any lien, assessment or claim of indebtedness of any kind or nature. __clusterTitleType__17 
  This Agreement amends and restates the Existing Security Agreement. All rights, benefits, indebtedness, interests, liabilities and obligations of the parties to the Existing Security Agreement and the agreements, documents and instruments executed and delivered in connection with the Existing Security Agreement (collectively, the Existing Security Documents) are hereby renewed, amended, restated and superseded in their entirety according to the terms and provisions set forth in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. This Agreement does not constitute, nor shall it result in, a waiver of, or release, discharge or forgiveness of, any amount payable pursuant to the Existing Security Documents or any indebtedness, liabilities or obligations of the Grantors thereunder, all of which are renewed and continued and are hereafter payable and to be performed in accordance with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Neither this Agreement nor any of the other Loan Documents extinguishes the indebtedness or liabilities outstanding in connection with the Existing Security Documents, nor do they constitute a novation with respect thereto. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, Willis US shall not be obligated under this Agreement to make any payment pursuant to this Agreement: (a) for which payment has actually been made to or on behalf of Indemnitee by or on behalf of Willis US or the Company under any insurance policy or other indemnity provision, except with respect to any excess beyond the amount paid under any insurance policy or other indemnity provision; (b) for an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of securities of the Company within the meaning of Section 16(b) of the U. (c) for which payment is expressly prohibited by Delaware law. These exclusions shall not limit the right to advancement of Expenses under Section 9 or otherwise under this Agreement pending the outcome of any Proceeding unless such advancement of Expenses is expressly prohibited by Delaware law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this provision shall not limit Indemnitees obligation to repay Expenses as expressly contemplated elsewhere in this Agreement or as otherwise expressly required by Delaware law. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The headings contained in the Agreement are included solely for convenience and shall not in any way affect the meaning or interpretation of any of the provision of this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__24 
 Except as otherwise provided herein, this Subscription Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their heirs, executors, administrators, successors, legal representatives and assigns. The obligation of the Subscriber and the agreements, representations, warranties and acknowledgments herein contained shall be deemed to be made by and be binding upon the Subscriber and the heirs, executors, administrators and successors of the Subscriber. __clusterTitleType__17 
 No variation or modification of the Agreement or waiver of any of its terms or provisions shall be deemed valid unless in writing as an amendment hereto signed by the parties. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Failure of the Holder or any holder hereof to exercise any option hereunder shall not constitute a waiver of the right to exercise the same in the event of any subsequent Event of Default, or in the event of continuance of any existing Event of Default after demand or performance thereof. __clusterTitleType__8 
 This Agreement shall not be assigned by the Escrow Agent without the Companys prior written consent. __clusterTitleType__17 
 While the Series A Preferred Stock is outstanding, each holder of shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall receive Twenty and 475/1000 (20.475) times the dividends declared and paid with respect to each share of Common Stock. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Seller's obligation to sell and transfer the Acquired Assets to Purchaser and to take the other actions required to be taken by Seller at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or prior to the Closing, of each of the following conditions (any of which may be waived by Seller, in whole or in part, in writing): 7.1 Accuracy of Representations The representations and warranties set forth in Section 4 and 5 shall be accurate in all material respects as of the Closing Date provided, however, that, for purposes of this Section 7.1, any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties of Purchaser and Dutch Gold, as the case may be, will be disregarded unless all such inaccuracies, considered collectively, have a material adverse effect on the business, assets (tangible or intangible), liabilities or operations of the Purchaser. 7.2 Performance of Covenants Purchaser shall have performed, in all material respects, all covenants required by this Agreement to be performed by Purchaser on or before the Closing Date. 7.3 Additional Documents (a) A certificate, executed by an executive officer of each the Purchaser and Dutch Gold, confirming that, to the actual knowledge of such executive officer, the conditions set forth in Sections 7.1 and 7.2 have been satisfied; and (b) such good standing certificates and other similar documents as Seller may reasonably request to ensure that the actions required to be taken by Purchaser at the Closing have been properly authorized. 7.4 No Restraints No injunction or other order preventing the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall have been issued since the date of this Agreement by any court of competent jurisdiction and shall remain in effect; and no Legal Requirement that makes consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement illegal shall have been enacted or adopted since the date of this Agreement and shall remain in effect. __clusterTitleType__17 
 31 __clusterTitleType__4 
 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the initial exercise of these options shall be further conditioned upon the execution and delivery by the Optionee and, if applicable, his/her spouse, of the Stockholders Agreement (in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A), to the extent not already a party thereto. This provision shall terminate in the event of a Qualified Public Offering. __clusterTitleType__17 
 In the event that either party breaches any of the covenants contained in this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to obtain injunctive and equitable relief, in any court of competent jurisdiction, enjoining any such breach. __clusterTitleType__26 
  8.1Subject to Rule 8. 2 below the Board may at any time alter or add to all or any of the provisions of the Plan. 8.2No alteration or addition shall be made under Rule 8. 1 which would abrogate or adversely affect the subsisting rights of a Participant, unless it is made: (i)with the consent in writing of such number of Participants as hold options to acquire not less than 75 per cent of the Shares which would be issued or transferred if all options granted and subsisting were exercised in respect of the maximum of Shares the subject thereof; or  (ii)by a resolution at a meeting of Participants passed by not less than 75 per cent of the Participants who attend and vote either in person or by proxy,  and for the purposes of this Rule 8.2 the Participants shall be treated as the holders of a separate class of share capital and the provisions of the Constitution of the Company relating to class meetings shall apply mutatis mutandis. 8.3Rule 8. 2 shall not apply to any alteration or addition which: (i)is necessary or desirable in order to comply with or take account of the provisions of any proposed or existing legislation or law, to take advantage of any changes to the legislation or law, to take account of any of the events mentioned in Rule 7, or to obtain or maintain favourable taxation treatment of the Company, any Subsidiary or any Participant; and  (ii)does not affect the basic principles of the Plan, the calculation of the price payable per share under an option or the limit in Rule 4.  __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Grantee is responsible to promptly pay any Social Security, Medicare, federal, state, and local taxes due, including, but not limited to, those due as a result of the vesting of Shares under this Agreement. The Company and its subsidiaries are authorized to deduct from any payment to the Grantee any such taxes required to be withheld. __clusterTitleType__2 
  4.1No options shall be granted to acquire a number of Shares which exceeds any number determined by the Board for this purpose.  4.2If the grant of options on any day would but for this Rule 4. 2 cause the limit in Rule 4.1 above to be exceeded, the Board shall scale down applications by reducing the monthly contributions stated in applications for options in a manner which the Board considers 4 fair and reasonable or adopt such other provision for scaling down the number of Shares available so far as is necessary to ensure that such limit is not exceeded. 4.3If the applications, as scaled down, are still for more Shares than are available, the Board may decide no options will be granted on that occasion.  __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Term Note referred to in the Loan Documents shall be the Term Note as amended hereby. All references in this Modification to the Term Note shall be deemed to include the Term Note as amended herein. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Wherever action on the part of the Trustees is contemplated by this Agreement, action by a majority of the Trustees, including a majority of the Independent Trustees, shall constitute the action provided for herein. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Neither party may assign this Agreement or its rights hereunder or delegate its duties hereunder without the written consent of the other party, except in the case of an assignment or delegation by the Manager to a corporation, partnership, limited liability company, association, trust, or other successor entity which may take over the property and carry on the affairs of the Manager and which remains under the control of one or more persons who controlled the operations of the Manager immediately prior to such assignment or delegation. __clusterTitleType__22 
 The Option may be exercised by delivery to the Company of a written notice signed by the person entitled to exercise the Option, specifying the number of shares which such person wishes to purchase, together with a certified or bank check or cash (or such other manner of payment as permitted by the Plan) for the aggregate option price for that number of shares and any required withholding (including a payment sufficient to indemnify the Company or any subsidiary of the Company in full against any and all liability to account for any tax or duty payable and arising by reason of the exercise of the Option). __clusterTitleType__17 
 is in default under the Sublease for nonpayment of rent . As of this date, such default is in the amount of $433,568.62. Extending out its obligations until the expiration of the Sublease, such default would total $1,614,512.25. __clusterTitleType__17 
 __clusterTitleType__17 
 10.1 The Shareholders shall procure that the Board of Directors will prepare and deliver to them in the agreed format: a) Prior to the commencement of each financial year, an annual budget and cash flow forecast for the next financial year; b) Within 10 days of the end of each month, an audited management account (including comparisons against budget) made up to the end of each month; c) Annual audited accounts of the Company within one month of the end of the financial year to which they relate; d) As and when available, full details of any actual or prospective material change in the business or the financial position or affairs of the Company. e) Follow GAAP accounting standards. __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Agreement may not be assigned by any party hereto without the prior written consent of the other parties. Subject to the foregoing, all of the terms and provisions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective executors, heirs, personal representatives, successors and assigns. __clusterTitleType__22 
 If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Amendment is held by a court of competent jurisdiction or other authority to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the term, provisions, covenants and restrictions of this Amendment and of the Rights Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated. [Signature Page Follows] IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed as of the date first written above. COSI, INC. By: /s/ William E. Koziel Name: William E. Koziel Title: Chief Financial Officer AMERICAN STOCK TRANSFER AND TRUST COMPANY, LLC By: /s/ Paula Caroppoli Name: Paula Caroppoli Title: Vice President __clusterTitleType__14 
 __clusterTitleType__17 
 (a)Transfers. No Award shall be transferable other than pursuant to a beneficiary designation under Section 12(c), by last will and testament or by the laws of descent and 14 distribution or, except in the case of an Incentive Stock Option, pursuant to a domestic relations order, as the case may be; provided, however, that the Committee may, subject to applicable laws, rules and regulations and such terms and conditions as it shall specify, permit the transfer of an Award, other than an Incentive Stock Option, for no consideration to a Permitted Transferee. Any Award transferred to a Permitted Transferee shall be further transferable only by last will and testament or the laws of descent and distribution or, for no consideration, to another Permitted Transferee of the Participant. (b)Award Exercisable Only by Participant. During the lifetime of a Participant, an Award shall be exercisable only by the Participant or by a Permitted Transferee to whom such Award has been transferred in accordance with Section 12(a) above. The grant of an Award shall impose no obligation on a Participant to exercise or settle the Award. (c)Beneficiary Designation. The beneficiary or beneficiaries of the Participant to whom any benefit under the Plan is to be paid in case of his death before he receives any or all of such benefit shall be determined under the Companys Group Life Insurance Plan. A Participant may, from time to time, name any beneficiary or beneficiaries to receive any benefit in case of his death before he receives any or all of such benefit. Each such designation shall revoke all prior designations by the same Participant, including the beneficiary designated under the Companys Group Life Insurance Plan, and will be effective only when filed by the Participant in writing (in such form or manner as may be prescribed by the Committee) with the Company during the Participants lifetime. In the absence of a valid designation under the Companys Group Life Insurance Plan or otherwise, if no validly designated beneficiary survives the Participant or if each surviving validly designated beneficiary is legally impaired or prohibited from receiving the benefits under an Award, the Participants beneficiary shall be the Participants estate. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Subscriber agrees that it may not cancel, terminate, or revoke this Subscription Agreement or any agreement made by it hereunder and that this Subscription Agreement shall survive the death or disability of the Subscriber and shall be binding upon the Subscribers heirs, executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, who shall execute a substantially similar agreement. __clusterTitleType__5 
 An Award shall not be transferable other than: (a) by will or the laws of descent and distribution, and an Award subject to exercise may be exercised, during the lifetime of the holder of the Award, only by the holder or in the event of death, the holders Successor, or in the event of disability, the holders personal representative, or (b) pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order, as defined in the Code or ERISA or the rules thereunder; provided, however, that an Incentive Stock Option may not be transferred pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order unless such transfer is otherwise permitted pursuant to the Code and the regulations thereunder without affecting the Options qualification under Code Section 422 as an Incentive Stock Option. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Company hereby represents and warrants as follows: (a) This Amendment and the Credit Agreement, as amended hereby, constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Company and are enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law (b) As of the date hereof and giving effect to the terms of this Amendment, (i) no Default shall have occurred and be continuing and (ii) the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in the Credit Agreement, as amended hereby, are true and correct as of the date hereof (c) The Company (and by its execution of the Consent and Reaffirmation attached hereto, each Subsidiary Guarantor) hereby acknowledges and confirms that (i) it does not have any grounds, and hereby agrees not to challenge (or to allege or to pursue any matter, cause or claim arising under or with respect to) the effectiveness, genuineness, validity, collectibility or enforceability of the Credit Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, the Secured Obligations, the Liens securing such Secured Obligations, or any of the terms or conditions of any Loan Document and (ii) it does not possess (and hereby forever waives, remises, releases, discharges and holds harmless the Lenders, the Agents and their respective affiliates, stockholders, directors, officers, employees, attorneys, agents and representatives and each of their respective heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns (collectively, the Indemnified Parties) from and against, and agrees not to allege or pursue) any action, cause of action, suit, debt, claim, counterclaim, cross-claim, demand, defense, offset, opposition, demand and other right of action whatsoever, whether in law, equity or otherwise (which it, all those claiming by, through or under it, or its successors or assigns, have or may have) against the Indemnified Parties, or any of them, by reason of, any matter, cause or thing whatsoever, with respect to events or omissions occurring or arising on or prior to the date hereof and relating to the Credit Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents (including, without limitation, with respect to the payment, performance, validity or enforceability of the Secured Obligations, the Liens securing the Secured Obligations or any or all of the terms or conditions of any Loan Document) or any transaction relating thereto. __clusterTitleType__11 
  Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the initial term of the Employment shall be  years, commencing on ,  (the Effective Date), until ,  unless terminated earlier pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. Upon expiration of the initial three-year term, the Employment shall be automatically extended for successive one-year terms unless either party gives the other party hereto a prior written notice to terminate the Employment prior to the expiration of such one-year term or unless terminated earlier pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__18 
 The Company in issuing the Securities may use CUSIP numbers and, if so, the Trustee shall use CUSIP numbers in notices of redemption and other notices to Holders as a convenience to Holders; provided, however, that any such notice may state that no representation is made as to the correctness of such numbers either as printed on the Securities or as contained in any notice of a redemption or other notice and that reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed on the Securities, and any such redemption or notice shall not be affected by any defect in or such omission of such numbers. ARTICLE IV SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE __clusterTitleType__17 
 The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Ohio, without giving effect to the conflict of law principles of such State. __clusterTitleType__7 
 THIS WAIVER IS KNOWINGLY, INTENTIONALLY AND VOLUNTARILY MADE BY BORROWER AND GUARANTORS AND BORROWER AND GUARANTORS EACH ACKNOWLEDGES THAT NO ONE HAS MADE ANY REPRESENTATIONS OF FACT TO INDUCE THIS WAIVER OF TRIAL BY JURY OR IN ANY WAY TO MODIFY OR NULLIFY ITS EFFECT. THIS WAIVER SHALL NOT IN ANY WAY AFFECT, WAIVE, LIMIT, AMEND OR MODIFY BANKS ABILITY TO PURSUE REMEDIES PURSUANT TO ANY CONFESSION OF JUDGMENT OR COGNOVIT PROVISION CONTAINED IN THE TERM NOTE OR ANY OF THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS. FURTHER, BORROWER AND GUARANTORS EACH HEREBY CONSENTS AND SUBJECTS BORROWER AND GUARANTORS, AS APPLICABLE, TO THE JURISDICTION OF COURTS OF THE STATE OF OHIO AND, WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, TO THE VENUE OF SUCH COURTS IN ANY COUNTY IN WHICH BANK IS LOCATED. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Except as otherwise provided herein, the provisions of this Warrant may be amended and the Company may take any action herein prohibited, or omit to perform any act herein required to be performed by it, only if the Company has obtained the written consent of the Required Holders (which must include each of the holders of Exchange Warrants on the Issuance Date (and/or their affiliates, as applicable) that as of such amendment date hold Exchange Warrants exercisable into at least 50% of the Common Shares underlying such Holders (and their affiliates, as applicable) Exchange Warrants on the Issuance Date); provided that no such action may increase the exercise price of any Exchange Warrant or decrease the number of shares or class of shares obtainable upon exercise of any Exchange Warrant without the written consent of the Holder. No such amendment shall be effective to the extent that it applies to less than all of the holders of the Exchange Warrants then outstanding. __clusterTitleType__8 
 . (a) This Agreement may not be modified or amended except by an instrument in writing signed by the parties hereto (b) No term or condition of this Agreement shall be deemed to have been waived, nor shall there be any estoppel against the enforcement of any provision of this Agreement, except by written instrument of the party charged with such waiver or estoppel No such written waiver shall be deemed a continuing waiver unless specifically stated therein, and each such waiver shall operate only as to the specific term or condition waived and shall not constitute a waiver of such term or condition for the future as to any act other than that specifically waived. 12 __clusterTitleType__8 
 This Agreement shall be governed by and in accordance with the laws of The Commonwealth of Massachusetts. __clusterTitleType__7 
 The Manager assumes no responsibility other than to render the services described herein in good faith and shall not be responsible for any action of the Trustees in following or declining to follow any advice or recommendation of the Manager. The Manager, its shareholders, directors, officers, employees, agents and affiliates will not be liable to the Company, its shareholders, or others, except by reason of acts constituting bad faith, willful or wanton misconduct or gross negligence in the performance of its obligations hereunder. The Company shall reimburse, indemnify and hold harmless the Manager, its shareholders, directors, officers and employees, and its agents and affiliates for and from any and all expenses, losses, damages, liabilities, demands, charges and claims of any nature whatsoever (including, without limitation, all reasonable attorneys', accountants' and experts' fees and expenses) in respect of or arising from any acts or omissions of the Manager with respect to the provision of services by it or performance of its obligations in connection with this Agreement or performance of other matters pursuant to specific instruction by the Trustees, except to the extent such provision or performance was in willful bad faith or grossly negligent. Without limiting the foregoing, the Company shall promptly advance expenses incurred by the indemnitees referred to in this section for matters referred to in this section, upon request for such advancement. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Upon receipt of the funds received from subscribers to the Offering, the Escrow Agent shall hold such funds in escrow pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. All such funds held in the Escrow Account shall be invested and reinvested in bank accounts or bank money market accounts permitted under Rule 15c2-4 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as - 4 - amended, at the direction of the Company. All funds in the Escrow Account shall at all times be placed in interest-bearing accounts. The Escrow Agent shall be entitled to sell or redeem any such investment as necessary to make any distributions required under this Agreement and shall not be liable or responsible for any loss resulting from any such sale or redemption. Income, if any, resulting from the investment of the funds received from subscribers to the Offering shall be distributed according to this Agreement. The Escrow Agent shall provide to the Company monthly statements (or more frequently as reasonably requested by the Company) on the account balance of the Escrow Account and the activity in the account since the last report. __clusterTitleType__17 
 __clusterTitleType__13 
 Each party hereby agrees and undertakes to' the other Party to procure the compliance of the Company with its obligations under any Agreement required to fulfill the objects of the Company. __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Agreement, the exhibits and the documents specifically referred to herein and any defined term of the SPA incorporated herein by reference constitute the entire agreement, understanding, representations and warranties of the Parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. __clusterTitleType__6 
 (a) Except as provided hereunder, during the term of this Agreement, each Shareholder shall not (nor permit any Person under such Shareholders control to), directly or indirectly, (i) grant any proxies, powers of attorney, rights of first offer or refusal, or enter into any voting trust or voting agreement or arrangement with respect to any of such Shareholders Subject Shares, (ii) sell (including short sell), assign, transfer, tender, pledge, encumber, grant a participation interest in, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of (including by gift) (each, a Transfer) any of such Shareholders Subject Shares, (iii) otherwise permit any Liens to be created on any of such Shareholders Subject Shares or (iv) enter into any Contract with respect to the direct or indirect Transfer of any of such Shareholders Subject Shares. No Shareholder shall, and shall not permit any Person under such Shareholders control or any of such Shareholders or such Persons respective representatives to, seek or solicit any such Transfer or any such Contract. Without limiting the foregoing, each Shareholder shall not take any other action that would in any way restrict, limit or interfere in any material respect with the performance of such Shareholders obligations hereunder or the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Shareholder shall have the right to Transfer all or any portion of his, her or its Subject Shares to a Permitted Transferee of such Shareholder if and only if such Permitted Transferee shall have agreed in writing, in a manner reasonably acceptable in form and substance to Parent, (i) to accept such Subject Shares subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and (ii) to be bound by this Agreement and to agree and acknowledge that such Person shall constitute a Shareholder for all purposes of this Agreement. Permitted Transferee means, with respect to any Shareholder, (A) any other Shareholder, (B) a spouse, lineal descendant or antecedent, brother or sister, adopted child or grandchild or the spouse of any child, adopted child, grandchild or adopted grandchild of such Shareholder, (C) any trust, the trustees of which include only the Persons named in clauses (A) or (B) and the beneficiaries of which include only the Persons named in clauses (A) or (B), or (D) if such Shareholder is a trust, the beneficiary or beneficiaries authorized or entitled to receive distributions from such trust. (c) Each Shareholder hereby authorizes Parent and Merger Sub to direct the Company to impose stop orders to prevent the Transfer of any Subject Shares on the books of the Company in violation of this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
 If the Contractor completes the Project prior to the target completion date, the Owner shall pay a bonus equal to 0.05% of the Contract price per day for each day between the actual completion date and the target completion date. If the Contractor fails to complete the Project on the target completion date, the Contractor shall enjoy a one month grace period during which it shall expedite the construction. If the Contractor fails to complete the Project on or prior to July 31, 2008, the Contractor shall pay the Owner a liquidated damage equal to 0.05% of the Contract price per day for each day after July 31, 2008 until the Project is completed. __clusterTitleType__17 
  Nothing in this Award Agreement shall confer upon the Participant any right to continue as an employee of Disney or an Affiliate nor interfere in any way with the right of Disney or an Affiliate to terminate the Participants employment at any time or to change the terms and conditions of such employment. __clusterTitleType__28 
 On or prior to the Valuation Date for a Performance Period, the Committee, in its discretion, shall (i) determine the Effective Date and Measurement Date for such Performance Period, (ii) select those Eligible Persons who shall be Award Recipients for such Performance Period, (iii) determine the amount of each Award Recipients Award for such Performance Period, which will consist of a Participation Percentage (and, in some circumstances, an Unallocated Participation Percentage) for such Performance Period, (iv) determine the Maximum Absolute Outperformance Pool Amount and how to calculate the Absolute Outperformance Pool Amount for such Performance Period and (v) determine the Maximum Relative Outperformance Pool Amount and how to calculate the Relative Outperformance Pool Amount for such Performance Period. Promptly after the Committee selects an Award Recipient to receive an Award for a Performance Period, the Company will provide the Award Recipient with a participation letter substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (each, a Participation Letter) notifying the Award Recipient of his or her Award. The Committee shall have the right to increase an Award Recipients Participation Percentage for a Performance Period 7 from time to time and at any time prior to the Valuation Date for such Performance Period, in which case a new Participation Letter will be provided to the Award Recipient. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the total Participation Percentages of all Award Recipients for a Performance Period under this Outperformance Program may not exceed 100%. __clusterTitleType__17 
  8.01Initial Term and Renewal Terms. In the event of a breach, termination can be effectuated in 30 days as set forth below. 7 8.02Termination for Breach. The breaching party shall have thirty (30) days in which to cure such breach. If the alleged breach is not cured within that time period, the other party shall have the right to terminate on the 30th day. Notice of breach via email is acceptable. 8.03Effect of Termination. In the event of a termination Client shall be paid all transaction fees due it upon collection by Paramount Rx. 8.04Notice to Other Persons of Termination. Paramount Rx shall have the right to advise Participating Pharmacies and Members of a pending or actual termination of this Agreement, only upon request. __clusterTitleType__18 
 A provision set forth herein which is not addressed by the Plan shall be given effect to except to the extent to which it is in conflict with the Plan. __clusterTitleType__17 
 SSD shall subscribe for and maintain a comprehensive insurance policy for the Equipment while it is specifically located in Colombia to cover losses as a result of loss, damage, fire or theft of the Equipment, and for any damages due to liability of SSD for the Equipment for the full duration of this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Company hereby agrees to employ the Executive, and the Executive hereby agrees to serve as the Companys Chief Financial Officer, or in such other capacity as the parties may mutually agree. The Executive agrees to perform such services customary to such office as shall from time to time be assigned to him by the Chief Executive Officer or his designee. The Executive further agrees to use his best efforts to promote the interests of the Company and to devote his full energies to the business and affairs of the Company. __clusterTitleType__13 
  (a)Brokers.  The Company represents that there are no parties entitled to receive fees, commissions, credit enhancement fees, due diligence fees, lead investor fees, or similar payments in connection with the Offering. (b)Subscribers Legal Fees.  The Company shall pay to Subscribers counsel, Grushko & Mittman, P.C., a fee of 80,000 shares of restricted Common Stock (Fee Shares) as reimbursement for services rendered to the Subscribers in connection with this Agreement and the Offering. Subscribers counsel is hereby granted all of the registration rights and other rights granted to the Subscribers in Section 11, including but not limited to, indemnification rights and liquidated damages. For the purpose of calculating liquidated damages pursuant to this Agreement and not for tax purposes, each share issued to Subscribers counsel shall have an attributed value of $0.10. (c)Companys Legal Fees.  The Company shall pay to Sichenzia Ross Friedman Ference LLP (Company Counsel), a fee of 50,000 shares of restricted Common Stock as reimbursement for services rendered to the Company in connection with this Agreement and the Offering. Such fee shall be delivered upon or after Closing. __clusterTitleType__17 
 All agreements and obligations of the Company contained herein shall commence upon the execution of this Agreement, and shall continue thereafter so long as Indemnitee could be subject to any Proceeding (or any proceeding commenced under Section 7 hereof) by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, whether or not Indemnitee is acting or serving in any such capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification can be provided under this Agreement and regardless of any subsequent amendment to the Charter Documents, the DGCL or any other agreement relating to indemnification of Indemnitee. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company), assigns, spouses, heirs, executors and personal and legal representatives. __clusterTitleType__21 
 All notices and other communications given or made pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given: (a) upon personal delivery to the party to be notified, (b) when sent by confirmed electronic mail or facsimile if sent during normal business hours of the recipient, and if not so confirmed, then on the next business day, (c) five (5) days after having been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (d) one SPS Commerce, Inc. Form of Director Indemnification Agreement [Independent Director] Page 9 (1) day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, specifying next day delivery, with written verification of receipt. All communications shall be sent: (a) To Indemnitee at the address set forth below Indemnitee signature hereto (b) To the Company at: SPS Commerce, Inc. Attention: Chief Executive Officer Accenture Tower 333 South Seventh Street, Suite 1000 Minneapolis, MN 55402 Fax: 612-435-9402 or to such other address as may have been furnished to Indemnitee by the Company or to the Company by Indemnitee, as the case may be. __clusterTitleType__4 
 Investor is acquiring the Shares for investment for its own account, not as a nominee or agent, and not with the view to, or for resale in connection with, any distribution thereof, and Investor has no present intention of selling, granting any participation in, or otherwise distributing the same. Investor further represents that it will not violate the Securities Act and does not have any contract, undertaking, agreement or arrangement with any person or entity to sell, transfer or grant participation to such person or entity or to any third person or entity with respect to the Shares. 1 __clusterTitleType__17 
 , REPRESENTATION AND AGREEMENT . To be eligible to be a nominee for election or reelection as a director of the Corporation by a Holder, a person must complete and deliver (in accordance with the time periods prescribed for delivery of notice under Section 6) to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation a written questionnaire providing the information requested about the background and qualifications of such person and the background of any other person or entity on whose behalf the nomination is being made and a written representation and agreement (the questionnaire, representation and agreement to be in the form provided by the Secretary upon written request) that such person: (a) is not and will not become a party to: (i) any agreement, arrangement or understanding with, and has not given any commitment or assurance to, any person or entity as to how the person, if elected as a director of the Corporation, will act or vote on any issue or question (a Voting Commitment) that has not been disclosed to the Corporation, or (ii) any Voting Commitment that could limit or interfere with the persons ability to comply, if elected as a director of the Corporation, with the persons fiduciary duties under applicable law, (b) is not and will not become a party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding with any person or entity other than the Corporation with respect to any direct or indirect compensation, reimbursement, or indemnification in connection with service or action as a director that has not been disclosed therein, and (c) in the persons individual capacity and on behalf of any person or entity on whose behalf the nomination is being made, would be in compliance, if elected as a director of the Corporation, and will comply with all applicable publicly disclosed corporate governance, conflict of interest, confidentiality, and stock ownership and trading policies and guidelines of the Corporation. 7 __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Warrant Holder acknowledges that the certificates representing any Warrant Shares will bear a legend indicating that they have not been registered under the 1933 Act, and may not be sold by the Warrant Holder except pursuant to an effective registration statement or pursuant to an exemption from registration requirements of the 1933 Act and in accordance with federal and state securities laws. If this Warrant was acquired by the Warrant Holder pursuant to the exemption from the registration requirements of the 1933 Act afforded by Regulation S thereunder, the Warrant Holder acknowledges and covenants that this Warrant may not be exercised by or on behalf of a Person (as defined below) during the one year distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S) following the date hereof. Person means an individual, partnership, firm, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, corporation, or any other legal entity. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Company hereby irrevocably grants to you, as of the Grant Date, an option to purchase up to [Number] shares of the Companys Common Stock at a price of $17.16 per share (the Option). The Option is intended to qualify as an incentive stock option under US tax laws and the Company will treat it as such to the extent permitted by applicable law. __clusterTitleType__1 
 If CITGO, because of a shortage of crude oil, raw materials, products, or refining capacity, either of its own, or of its other regular sources of supply, or in the industry generally, or because of governmental regulations, or for any reason, deems that it may be unable to meet all of its supply requirements, CITGO may restrict deliveries of Products without liability and may allocate CITGOs supply of Products among its customers and classes of customers in any manner which CITGO in its sole judgment deems appropriate. Unbranded Marketer agrees to be bound by any such allocation. During the period of such allocation, the provisions of Paragraph 2 relating to volume requirements shall not be effective, and the quantity deliverable under this Agreement shall then be such quantity as CITGO determines. Upon cessation of any such period of allocation neither CITGO nor Unbranded Marketer shall be obligated to make up any quantities omitted pursuant to the provisions herein. 3 __clusterTitleType__17 
 Except as otherwise set forth in this Article 4, the relative powers, preferences and participating, optional or other special rights, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of each class of Common Stock and the Class F Stock are identical in all respects. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The purchase price for the applicable Product that the Unbranded Marketer ratably purchases from CITGO during the term of this Addendum shall be equal to (i) the Base Price set forth herein for the applicable Product, plus (ii) an Adder. (i) The Base Price for Product purchased shall equal the [***] for the applicable product on the date immediately preceding the date of the bill of lading If such date occurs on a holiday or weekend when [***] is not published, the date used for pricing shall be the date immediately preceding the date of the bill of lading on which the [***] were published. However, should the [***] not be published due to a reason other than that the date of lifting is a holiday or weekend, the price shall be the [***] as of the immediately preceding date that [***] was published adjusted by any change in prices of similar product in other markets that occurred between such date and the date of lifting. 1 (ii) CITGOs adder fee (Adder) for each Terminal and Product where this pricing formula applies is as follows (in $/gallon): Terminal ULSD CITGO Lake Charles, LA $ 0.0150 Motiva Kenner, LA $ 0.0250 Placid Port Allen, LA $ 0.0255 All products receiving dye will be charged an additional $0.0035 per gallon. All products receiving TX LED will be charged an additional $0.0250 per gallon. The Adder may change from time to time based on any cost increases incurred by CITGO related to transportation, terminaling, additives, and other routine costs to the respective Products and terminals. CITGO will notify the Unbranded Marketer in writing of any changes to the Adder or ethanol Base Price at least thirty (30) days prior to making the adjustment. The purchase price as calculated in this Section 2 is hereafter referred to as the Market Related Price. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Investor agrees that, upon receipt of any notice from the Company of the happening of any event of the kind described in Section 3(f) or the first sentence of 3(e), such Investor will immediately discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities pursuant to any Registration Statement(s) covering such Registrable Securities until such Investors receipt of the copies of the supplemented or amended prospectus contemplated by Section 3(e) or receipt of notice that no supplement or amendment is required. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the Company shall cause its transfer agent to deliver unlegended certificates for shares of Common Stock to a transferee of an Investor in accordance with the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement in connection with any sale of Registrable Securities with respect to which an Investor has entered into a contract for sale prior to the Investors receipt of a notice from the Company of the happening of any event of the kind described in Section 3(f) or the first sentence of 3(e) and for which the Investor has not yet settled. __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Modification may be executed in counterparts, all of which, when taken together, shall constitute a single instrument. The words hereof, herein, and hereunder, and other words of a similar import refer to this Modification as a whole and not to the individual paragraphs in which such terms are used. References to paragraphs and other subdivisions of this Modification are to the designated paragraphs and other subparagraphs of this Modification as originally executed. The headings of this Modification are for convenience only and shall not define or limit the provisions hereof. Where the context so requires, words used in the singular shall include the plural and vice versa, and words of one gender shall include all other genders. This Modification shall be binding upon and inure to the sole benefit of Borrower, Guarantors and Bank, and their respective heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns. Nothing contained herein shall create, or be construed to create, any right in any person not a party to this Modification. __clusterTitleType__17 
 On or following commencement of Employees employment and subject to approval of the Compensation Committee of the Board, the Company will grant Employee a non-qualified stock option to purchase an aggregate of one million two hundred fifty thousand (1,250,000) shares of the Companys Common Stock (the Option). The Option will have an exercise price equal to the fair market value of the Companys common stock on the date of grant and will vest over four (4) years, with twenty-five percent (25%) of the total number of shares subject to the Option vesting on the one-year anniversary of the date of grant and the remainder vesting in equal installments on the monthly date of grant anniversary each month thereafter. Vesting will depend on Employees continued service with the Company and will be subject to the terms and conditions of the plan (as applicable) and the written stock option agreement governing the Option. __clusterTitleType__9 
 7.1 Subject to the limitations on liability set forth in Section 7.2, EnerDel shall be liable to Think for all losses incurred by Think as a result of any defective Unit covered by the warranty set forth in Section 2.14. 7.2 NOTWITHSTANDING ANY OTHER PROVISION IN THIS AGREEMENT TO THE CONTRARY, (A) ENERDELS AGGREGATE RESPONSIBILITIES AND LIABILITIES, WHETHER ARISING OUT OF CONTRACT OR TORT, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE AND STRICT LIABILITY, UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, TO ALL CLAIMS FOR BREACH OF ANY WARRANTY OR GUARANTEE, FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE OR DELAY IN PERFORMANCE BY ENERDEL OR PERFORMANCE OR NON-PERFORMANCE OF THE UNITS SHALL NOT EXCEED THE GREATER OF (I) $10,000,000 AND (II) THE AGGREGATE AMOUNT ACTUALLY PAID BY THINK TO ENERDEL UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, PROVIDED THAT IN NO EVENT SHALL SUCH AMOUNT EXCEED $20,000,000, AND (B) IN NO EVENT SHALL ENERDEL BE LIABLE IN CONTRACT OR IN TORT, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE AND STRICT LIABILITY, FOR ANY SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND OR CHARACTER, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF USE OF PRODUCTIVE FACILITIES OR EQUIPMENT, LOSS OF REVENUES OR PROFITS OR LOSS UNDER PURCHASES OR CONTRACTS MADE IN RELIANCE ON THE PERFORMANCE OR NON-PERFORMANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER SUFFERED BY A PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY THIRD PARTY, OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE ARISING OUT OF THE SOLE OR CONTRIBUTORY NEGLIGENCE OF SUCH PARTY, ITS EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS OR ANY THIRD PARTY. __clusterTitleType__17 
 If this Agreement or any paragraph, sentence, term or provision hereof is invalidated on any ground by any court of competent jurisdiction, the Company shall nevertheless indemnify the Indemnitee as to any Expenses, judgments, fines, interest or penalties, or excise taxes assessed with respect to any employee benefit or welfare plan, which are incurred with respect to any Proceeding to the fullest extent permitted by any (a) applicable paragraph, sentence, term or provision of this Agreement that has not been invalidated or (b) applicable law. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Company shall have no obligation hereunder until the Company shall execute and deliver to each of the Purchasers an executed copy of this Agreement. If this subscription is rejected or the Offering is terminated, in each case, prior to execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company, this Agreement and all other documents executed by each of the Purchasers shall thereafter be of no further force or effect. __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Agreement may not be assigned in whole or in part by either party without the prior written consent of the other; provided, however, that such consent shall not be unreasonably conditioned, delayed or withheld and Purchaser may assign this Agreement to one of its affiliates without the prior consent or approval of Seller. __clusterTitleType__22 
 With a view to making available to the Investors the benefits of Rule 144 or any other similar rule or regulation of the SEC that may at any time permit the Investors to sell securities of the Company to the public without registration, the Company agrees, for so long as Registrable Securities are outstanding, to: (a) make and keep public information available, as those terms are understood and defined in Rule 144; (b) file with the SEC in a timely manner all reports and other documents required of the Company under the 1933 Act and the 1934 Act so long as the Company remains subject to such requirements and the filing of such reports and other documents is required for the applicable provisions of Rule 144; and (c) furnish to each Investor so long as such Investor owns Registrable Securities, promptly upon request, such information as may be reasonably and customarily requested to permit the Investors to sell such securities pursuant to Rule 144 without registration. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Sionix' current headquarters is located in Anaheim, California. From time to time it is understood that the headquarters location might change. The executive team will be expected to spend significant amounts of time meeting at that headquarters, regardless of place of residence. Executive will not be required to relocate his residence as a condition of employment. Should Sionix relocate further than 50 miles from Executives residence, business travel for attendance at Sionix meetings will be at the expense of Sionix. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The provisions of this Agreement shall inure to, and be binding upon, all of the parties, their affiliates, successors, and assigns. __clusterTitleType__20 
  Audit: $1,500 Other: $1,000 __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Company agrees that, in the event of an Event of Default, to reimburse the Holder for all reasonable costs and expenses (including reasonable legal fees of one counsel) incurred in connection with the enforcement and collection of this Note. 11 __clusterTitleType__17 
 2.1During the term of the Agreement, the Executive shall diligently perform all services consistent with his position as may be assigned to his by or under the direction of the Board of Directors of the Company and such other members of senior management designated by the Board. The Executive's duties shall include overall responsibility for the affairs of the Company, attainment of new revenue sources and compliance with SEC and other requirements of a public company. In the performance of his duties, the Executive shall report to the Board of Directors. 2.2The Executive shall devote his full working time and attention to the business and affairs of the Company, render such services in a competent and efficient manner, and use his reasonable and appropriate best efforts to faithfully promote the interests of the Company. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Unless stated otherwise herein, the parties agree that arbitration shall be the sole and exclusive remedy to redress any dispute, claim or controversy involving the interpretation of this Agreement or the terms, conditions or termination of this Agreement or the terms, conditions or termination of Executive's employment with Company. The parties intend that any arbitration award shall be final and binding and that a judgment on the award may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction and enforcement may be had according to its terms. This paragraph shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement. 6.1 Arbitration shall be held in Pittsburgh, PA, and shall be conducted by a retired federal judge or other qualified arbitrator mutually agreed upon by the parties in accordance with the Voluntary Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association then in effect. The parties shall have the right to conduct discovery pursuant the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure; provided, however, that the Arbitrator shall have the authority to establish an expedited discovery schedule and cutoff and to resolve any discovery disputes. The Arbitrator shall not have jurisdiction or authority to change any provision of this Agreement by alterations of, additions to or subtractions from the terms hereof. The Arbitrator's sole authority in this regard shall be to interpret or apply any provision(s) of this Agreement. The Arbitrator shall be limited to awarding compensatory damages, including unpaid wages or benefits, but shall have no authority to award punitive, exemplary or similar-type damages. 6.2 Any claim or controversy not sought to be submitted to arbitration, in writing, within 120 days of when it arose shall be deemed waived and the moving party shall have no further right to seek arbitration or recovery with respect to such claim or controversy. 6.3 The arbitrator shall be entitled to award expenses, including the costs of the proceeding, and reasonable counsel fees. 6.4 The parties hereby acknowledge that since arbitration is the exclusive remedy, neither party has the right to resort to any federal, state or local court or administrative agency concerning breaches of this Agreement, except as otherwise provided herein in paragraph 6, and that the decision of the Arbitrator shall be a complete defense to any suit, action or proceeding instituted in any federal, state or local court before any administrative agency with respect to any arbitrable claim or controversy. __clusterTitleType__17 
 To the extent any indemnification by an indemnifying party is prohibited or limited by law, the indemnifying party agrees to make the maximum contribution with respect to any amounts for which it would otherwise be liable under Section 6 to the fullest extent permitted by law; provided, however, that: (i) no seller of Registrable Securities guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the 1933 Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any seller of Registrable Securities who was not guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation; and (ii) contribution by any seller of Registrable Securities shall be limited in amount to the net amount of proceeds received by such seller from the sale of such Registrable Securities. __clusterTitleType__27 
  Initial: 1,000 Shares Fair market value exercise price (closing sale price) Fully vested and immediately exercisable at grant date Annual FYE: 500 Shares __clusterTitleType__1 
 Such minimal purchase amount will increase by 15% each year after 2009. Party B shall pay Party A an advance payment of RMB30 million within a week after the effective date of this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
 To the extent that the Depositary determines in its reasonable discretion that any distribution pursuant to paragraph (10) of the form of ADR is not practicable with respect to any Holder, the Depositary may make such distribution as it so deems practicable, including the distribution of foreign currency, securities or property (or appropriate documents evidencing the right to receive foreign currency, securities or property) or the retention thereof as Deposited Securities with respect to such Holder's ADRs (without liability for interest thereon or the investment thereof). __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Facility Termination Date is hereby accelerated to be the date first written above. __clusterTitleType__29 
 The Company shall reimburse Executive, upon presentation of proper expense statements, for all authorized, ordinary and necessary out-of-pocket expenses reasonably incurred by Executive during the Term in connection with the performance of her services pursuant to this Agreement in accordance with the Companys expense reimbursement policy. Any expense of $100 or more shall require the prior approval of the Company. If the Company requires Executive to travel, the Company will pay coach fare. __clusterTitleType__17 
 __clusterTitleType__17 
 Executive and the Company acknowledge and agree that the covenants contained in Section 6 are of a special nature and that any breach, violation or evasion 8 by Executive of the terms of Section 6 will result in immediate and irreparable injury and harm to the Company, for which there is no adequate remedy at law, and will cause damage to the Company in amounts difficult to ascertain. Accordingly, the Company shall be entitled to the remedy of injunction, as well as to all other legal or equitable remedies to which the Company may be entitled (including, without limitation, the right to seek monetary damages), for any breach, violation or evasion by Executive of the terms of Section 6. __clusterTitleType__17 
 __clusterTitleType__17 
 Disclosures After Employment Terminates; Return of Records. Employee acknowledges and agrees that all supplier, customer, employee and contractor files, contracts, agreements, financial books, records, instruments and documents, supplier and customer lists, memoranda, data, reports, sales documentation and literature, software, rolodexes, telephone and address books, letters, research, listings, and any other instruments, records or documents relating or pertaining to (i) the customers or suppliers of the Company and/or any of the Affiliates serviced by or serving the Company, any of the Affiliates or Employee, (ii) the duties performed hereunder by Employee, or (iii) the business of the Company and/or any of the Affiliates (collectively, the Records) shall at all times be and remain the exclusive property of the Company and/or the Affiliates, as applicable. Upon termination of Employ ees employment hereunder for any reason whatsoever, Employee shall promptly return to the Company all 4 Records (whether furnished by the Company or any of the Affiliates or prepared by Employee), and Employee shall neither make nor retain, nor allow any third party to make or retain, any photo, electronic or other copy or other reproduction of any of such Records after such termination. __clusterTitleType__17 
 All notices, requests, demands and other communications under this Deed shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if (a) delivered by hand and receipted for by the party to whom said notice or other communication shall have been directed, (b) mailed by certified or registered mail with postage prepaid, on the third business day after the date on which it is so mailed, (c) mailed by reputable overnight courier and receipted for by the party to whom said notice or other communication shall have been directed or (d) sent by e-mail facsimile transmission, with receipt of confirmation that such transmission has been received: (a) If to Indemnitee, at such addresses as Indemnitee shall provide to the Company (b) If to the Company, to: Willis Group Holdings Public Limited Company c/o Willis of New York, Inc. One World Financial Center 200 Liberty Street New York, New York 10281 Attention: Group General Counsel E-mail: or to any other addresses as may have been furnished to Indemnitee by the Company. 9 __clusterTitleType__4 
  1.1 Principles of Construction. (a) All references to Articles, Sections, subsections and Appendixes are to Articles, Sections, subsections and Appendixes in or to this Agreement unless otherwise specified The words hereof, herein and hereunder and words of similar import when used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. The term including is not limiting and means including without limitations. (b) In the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from and including; the words to and until each mean to but excluding; and the word through means to and including (c) The Section headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof. (d) This Agreement is the result of negotiations among and has been reviewed by each Partys counsel Accordingly, this Agreement shall not be construed against any Party merely because of such Partys involvement in its preparation. (e) Wherever in this Agreement the intent so requires, reference to the neuter, masculine or feminine shall be deemed to include each of the other, and reference to either the singular or the plural shall be deemed to include the other PAGE 2 OF 10 __clusterTitleType__17 
 If any one or more of the provisions contained herein, or the application thereof in any circumstance, is held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect for any reason, the validity, legality and enforceability of any such provision in every other 16 respect and of the remaining provisions hereof shall not be in any way impaired, unless the provisions held invalid, illegal or unenforceable shall substantially impair the benefits of the remaining provisions hereof. __clusterTitleType__14 
  The Executive hereby accepts a position of  (the Employment) of the Company. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The records of Payee shall be prima facie evidence of the amounts owing on this note (absent manifest error). __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Agreement may be executed in two (2) or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. This Agreement may also be executed and delivered by facsimile signature and in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. __clusterTitleType__10 
 The parties to this Agreement warrant and represent that they have the power and authority to enter into this Agreement in the names, titles and capacitates herein stated and on behalf of any entities, persons or firms represented or purported to be represented by each respective party. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Performance Shares are granted to Employee under the Companys 2007 Stock Award and Incentive Plan (the Plan), which has been previously delivered to Employee and/or is available upon request to the Corporate Benefits Department. All of the applicable terms, conditions and other provisions of the Plan are incorporated by reference herein. Capitalized terms used in this Agreement but not defined herein shall have the same meanings as in the Plan. If there is any conflict between the provisions of this document and mandatory provisions of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan govern. By accepting the grant of the Performance Shares, Employee agrees to be bound by all of the terms and provisions of the Plan (as presently in effect or later amended), the rules and regulations under the Plan adopted from time to time, and the decisions and determinations of the Leadership Development and Compensation Committee of the Companys Board of Directors (the Committee) made from time to time. __clusterTitleType__17 
 All statements, requests, notices and agreements hereunder shall be in writing, and: (a) if to the Representatives or the Initial Purchasers, shall be delivered or sent by mail or facsimile to J. Morgan Securities Inc., 270 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10017, Attention: Asset-Backed Securities (facsimile no.: (212) 834-6562); (b) if to the Issuer, shall be delivered or sent by mail or facsimile to 940 Ridgebrook Road, Sparks, Maryland 21152, Attention: Joseph Weikel (facsimile no. (c) if to VMS or PHH, shall be delivered or sent by mail or facsimile to 3000 Leadenhall Road, Mount Laurel, New Jersey 07040, Attention: Mark Johnson, (facsimile no.: (856) 917-4278); provided that any notice to an Initial Purchaser pursuant to Section 9(c) shall also be delivered or sent by mail to such Initial Purchaser at its address set forth on the signature page hereof. Any such statements, requests, notices or agreements shall take effect at the time of receipt thereof. The Issuer, VMS and PHH shall be entitled to act and rely upon any request, consent, notice or agreement given or made on behalf of the Initial Purchasers by the Representatives. __clusterTitleType__4 
 In the event of termination of Optionee's Continuous Status as an Employee or Consultant as a result of Optionee's disability, Optionee may, but only within six (6) months from the date of termination of employment or consulting relationship (but in no event later than the date of expiration of the term of the Option as set forth in Section 11 below), exercise the Option to the extent Optionee was entitled to exercise it at the date of such termination; provided, however that if the disability is not total and permanent (as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code) and the Optionee exercises the option within the period provided above but more than three months after the date of termination, the Option shall automatically be deemed to be a Nonstatutory Stock Option and not an Incentive Stock Option; and provided, further, that if the disability is total and permanent (as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code), then the Optionee may, but only within one (1) year from the date of termination of employment or consulting relationship (but in no event later than the date of expiration of the term of the Option as set forth in Section 11 below), exercise the Option to the extent Optionee was entitled to exercise it at the date of such termination. To the extent that Optionee was not entitled to exercise the Option at the date of termination, or if Optionee does not exercise such Option (which Optionee was entitled to exercise) within the time periods specified herein, the Option shall terminate. __clusterTitleType__17 
 All notices and other communications given or made pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given: (a) upon personal delivery to the party to be notified, (b) when sent by confirmed electronic mail or facsimile if sent during normal business hours of the recipient, and if not so confirmed, then on the next business day, (c) five (5) days after having been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (d) one (1) day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, specifying next day delivery, with written verification of receipt. All communications shall be sent: (a) To Indemnitee at the address set forth below Indemnitee signature hereto (b) To the Company at: SPS Commerce, Inc. Attention: Chief Executive Officer Accenture Tower 333 South Seventh Street, Suite 1000 Minneapolis, MN 55402 Fax: 612-435-9402 or to such other address as may have been furnished to Indemnitee by the Company or to the Company by Indemnitee, as the case may be. SPS Commerce, Inc. Form of Director Indemnification Agreement [VC Director] Page 10 __clusterTitleType__4 
  5.1This Agreement shall be effective as of the date first set forth above.  5.2The term of this Agreement is twenty (20) years unless the early termination in accordance with this Agreement or other terms of the relevant agreements stipulated by the Parties.  This Agreement may be extended according to the written consent of Party A before the expiration of this Agreement. The term of extension will be decided unanimously through mutual agreement of the Parties. 12 5.3If Party A or Party B terminates by the expiration of its operating period (including any extended period) or other causes in the term set forth in Section 5. 2, this Agreement shall be terminated simultaneously, except Party A has transferred its rights and obligations in accordance with Section 4.2 of this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__18 
 If the Maker completes a New Offering, the Maker shall give the Holder the option to convert this Note, in whole or in part, into Common Stock of the Maker based on a conversion price equal to the lower of: (a) the closing bid price per share of the Common Stock on the date first above written as reported on the Over-The-Counter Bulletin Board, or if there is not such price on the Effective Date, then the last bid price on the date nearest preceding the date first above written, or; (b) the average price at which the Maker sells its Common Stock in the New Offering (the Conversion Price)(the Conversion Shares). __clusterTitleType__17 
 The covenants in this Agreement are severable, and if any covenant or portion thereof is held to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, such covenant or portion thereof shall be modified or adjusted by a court or other tribunal exercising its equitable powers to the extent necessary to cure such invalidity or unenforceability, and all other covenants and provisions shall remain valid and enforceable. __clusterTitleType__14 
 Neither this Subscription Agreement nor any provisions hereof shall be modified, discharged or terminated except by an instrument in writing signed by the party against whom any modification, discharge or termination is sought. __clusterTitleType__17 
 7.1 Incorporation of terms The provisions of Clause 31 (Notices) and Clause 39 (Enforcement) of the Original Facility Agreement shall be incorporated into this Agreement as if set out in full in this Agreement and as if references in those clauses to this Agreement and any Finance Document are references to this Agreement. 7.2 Counterparts This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, and this has the same effect as if the signatures on the counterparts were on a single copy of this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__12 
 The obligation of Purchaser and Dutch Gold to purchase the Acquired Assets and to take the other actions required to be taken by Purchaser at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or prior to the Closing, of each of the following conditions (any of which may be waived by Purchaser and Dutch Gold, in whole or in part, in writing): 6.1 Accuracy of Representations The representations and warranties of Seller set forth in Section 3 that refer specifically to and are made as of the date of this Agreement shall have been accurate as of the date of this Agreement, and all other representations and warranties of Seller set forth in Section 3 shall be accurate as of the Closing Date as if made on and as of the Closing Date provided, however, that, for purposes of this Section 6.1, any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties of Seller will be disregarded unless all such inaccuracies, considered collectively, have a material adverse effect on the value of the Acquired Assets taken as a whole. 6.2 Consents Seller will obtain the following Consents to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Acquisition documents. (a) ______________________________; (b) ___________________________________________________; (c) ___________________________________________________; (d) ___________________________________________________; and (e) ___________________________________________________. 6.3 Performance of Covenants Seller shall have performed, in all material respects, all covenants required by this Agreement to be performed by Seller on or before the Closing Date. 6.4 Additional Documents Each of the following additional documents shall have been delivered to Purchaser: 10 (a) a certificate, executed by an executive officer of Seller, confirming that, to the actual knowledge of such executive officer, the conditions set forth in Sections 6. (b) such bills of sale, assignments and other instruments as Seller may be required to execute in order to evidence and effectuate the transfer of the Acquired Assets to Purchaser; and (c) such good standing certificates and other similar documents as Purchaser and Dutch Gold may reasonably request to ensure that the actions required to be taken by Seller at the Closing have been properly authorized. 6.5 No Restraints No injunction or other order preventing the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall have been issued since the date of this Agreement by any court of competent jurisdiction and shall remain in effect; and no Legal Requirement that makes consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement illegal shall have been enacted or adopted since the date of this Agreement and shall remain in effect. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Neither the Optionee nor the Optionee's legal representative, legatee or distributee shall be, or be deemed to be, a holder of any Shares subject to these options unless and until such person has been issued a certificate or certificates therefor. No adjustment will be made for dividends or other rights for which the record date is prior to the date such stock certificate or certificates are so issued. __clusterTitleType__17 
 At such time as Grantee vests in the Restricted Stock, the Company will pay Grantee a cash bonus sufficient to pay any federal or state income or employment taxes associated with the vesting of the Restricted Stock. __clusterTitleType__2 
 Except as otherwise provided in Section 26(i), no person or entity other than the parties hereto and their successors and permitted assigns is intended to be a beneficiary of this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__17 
 This grant of Stock Units to the Grantee is effective as of  (Grant Date). Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, Grantees salary shall be payable in accordance with SunTrusts regular payroll practice for similarly situated employees, as in effect from time to time. __clusterTitleType__17 
 In addition to, and not in limitation of, the duties and authority of Managing Agent contained herein, Managing Agent shall perform the following duties: (a) Terminate tenancies and sign and serve in the name of Owners such notices therefor as may be required for the proper management of the Managed Premises 4 (b) At Owners' expense, institute and prosecute actions to evict tenants and recover possession of rental space, and recover rents and other sums due; and when expedient, settle, compromise and release such actions or suits or reinstate such tenancies __clusterTitleType__17 
 S. will assign its right, title and interest in the debt now outstanding and payable to Mexus Mineral Exploration U.S. by Mexus Gold Mining,S.A. de C.V. to Mexus Gold U.S. on the issuance of twenty million restricted shares of Mexus Gold U.S. common stock to Mexus Mineral Exploration U.S. The issuance of restricted shares of Mexus Gold U.S. common shares under this provision represents full satisfaction of the obligation described in Item 1. __clusterTitleType__17 
 All titles and headings in this Agreement are intended solely for convenience of reference and shall in no way limit or otherwise affect the interpretation of any of the provisions of this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__24 
 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Company shall advance all Expenses incurred by or on behalf of Indemnitee in connection with any Proceeding by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status within thirty (30) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements from Indemnitee requesting such advance or advances from time to time, whether prior to or after final disposition of such Proceeding. Such statement or statements shall reasonably evidence the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee and shall include or be preceded or accompanied by a written undertaking by or on behalf of Indemnitee to repay any Expenses advanced if it shall ultimately be determined that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified against such Expenses. Any advances and undertakings to repay pursuant to this Section 5 shall be unsecured and interest free. 4 __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Agreement shall be binding upon Willis US and its successors and assigns and shall inure to the benefit of Indemnitee and his heirs, executors and administrators. Willis US and the Company shall require and cause any successor (whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all, substantially all or a substantial part, of the business and/or assets of Willis US or the Company, by written agreement in form and substance satisfactory to the Indemnitee, expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that Willis US would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place. Failure to comply with the foregoing shall be a breach of this Agreement. __clusterTitleType__20 
 The Company will pay on or prior to the First Amendment Effective Date to the Agent and the Security Agent the amount of all costs and expenses (including legal fees) reasonably incurred by the Agent and the Security Agent (and, in the case of the Security Agent, by any Delegate) in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and completion of this Amendment Agreement and all documents, matters and things referred to in, or incidental to, this Amendment Agreement. - 6 - __clusterTitleType__17 
 . (a) The Bank may terminate Executives employment at any time, but any termination other than termination for Cause, as defined herein, shall not prejudice Executives right to compensation or other benefits under this Agreement Executive shall have no right to receive compensation or other benefits for any period after termination for Cause. (b) The term termination for Cause shall mean termination because of Executives: (i) personal dishonesty; (ii) incompetence; (iii) willful misconduct; (iv) breach of fiduciary duty involving personal profit; (v) intentional failure to perform stated duties; (vi) willful violation of any law, rule or regulation (other than traffic violations or similar offenses) or final cease-and-desist order; or (vii) material breach of any provision of this Agreement Notwithstanding the foregoing, Cause shall not be deemed to exist unless there shall have been delivered to the Executive a copy of a resolution duly adopted by the affirmative vote of not less than a majority of the entire membership of the Board at a meeting of the Board called and held for the purpose (after reasonable notice to the Executive and an opportunity for the Executive to be heard before the Board), finding that in the good faith opinion of the Board the Executive was guilty of conduct described above and specifying the particulars thereof. Prior to holding a meeting at which the Board is to make a final determination whether Cause exists, if the Board determines in good faith at a meeting of the Board, by not less than a majority of its entire membership, that there is probable cause for it to find that the Executive was guilty of conduct constituting Cause as described above, the Board may suspend the Executive from his duties hereunder for a reasonable period of time not to exceed fourteen (14) days pending a further meeting at which the Executive shall be given the opportunity to be heard before the Board. Upon a finding of Cause, the Board shall deliver to the Executive a Notice of Termination, as more fully described in Section 10 below. __clusterTitleType__5 
 . This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Ohio except to the extent superseded by federal law. __clusterTitleType__7 
 (a) Disability. If, as a result of the incapacity of the Executive due to physical or mental illness, the Executive is unable to perform substantially and continuously the duties assigned to him hereunder for a period of three (3) consecutive months or for a non-consecutive period of nine (9) months during the Term of Employment, the Company may terminate his employment for "Disability" upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to the Executive. (b) Death. The Executive's employment shall terminate immediately upon the death of the Executive. (c) Cause. The Company shall be entitled to terminate the Executive's employment for "Cause." Termination by the Company of the employment of the Executive for "Cause" shall mean termination based upon (i) the willful failure by the Executive to follow directions communicated to him by the Chief Executive Officer or his designee; (ii) the willful engaging by the Executive in conduct which is materially injurious to the Company, monetarily or otherwise; (iii) a conviction of, a plea of nolo contendere, a guilty plea or confession by the Executive to an act of fraud, misappropriation or embezzlement or to a felony; (iv) the Executive's habitual drunkenness or use of illegal substances; (v) a material breach by the Executive of this Agreement; or (vi) an act of gross neglect or gross misconduct which the Company deems in good faith to be good and sufficient cause. Executive hereby represents and warrants that he has never been convicted of an act of fraud, misappropriation, embezzlement or a felony, and Executive further warrants that during the Term of this Agreement, he will give the Company immediate notice of any charge against the Executive relating to any of the foregoing. (d) Termination Without Cause. The Executive shall have the right to terminate the Executive's employment without cause at any time upon one ninety days prior written notice. The Company shall have the right to terminate the Executives employment without cause at any time upon written notice. The giving of notice by either party pursuant to Paragraph 2 to prevent the renewal of this Agreement shall not be deemed a termination of Executives employment without cause. __clusterTitleType__5 
  The Executive will be reimbursed by Emeritus for all reasonable business expenses actually incurred by the Executive in connection with his duties, within previously approved budgets, upon submission of a monthly statement of expenses. The Executive shall bear any tax payments resulting from the aforesaid, to the extent applicable. Notwithstanding the above, any expense exceeding $5,000 shall require Emeritus's approval in advance. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Each party (as the Representing Party) represents and warrants to the other party that (i) the Representing Party (including any person signing on behalf of a Representing Party) has the full power and authority to execute, deliver and perform this Transfer Agreement; (ii) the execution, delivery and performance of this Transfer Agreement by the Representing Party and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby by the Representing Party have been duly and validly authorized by the Representing Party; (iii) the Representing Party has duly executed and delivered this Transfer Agreement; (iv) this Transfer Agreement evidences the valid, binding and enforceable obligation of the Representing Party except as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar laws affecting creditors rights generally or general equitable principles; and (v) all requisite action has been taken by the Representing Party to make this Transfer Agreement valid and binding upon the Representing Party in accordance with its terms. __clusterTitleType__11 
 Paragraph headings appearing in this note are for convenient reference only and shall not be used to interpret or limit the meaning of any provision of this note. __clusterTitleType__24 
 This Deed and the legal relations among the parties shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of Ireland, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. Except with respect to any arbitration commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 11(a), the Company and Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Deed may be brought in any court in Ireland, the United States of America or the country of residence of the Indemnitee or in any other court in which jurisdiction may be properly asserted. The parties waive any objection to the laying of venue in Ireland, the United States of America or the country of residence of the Indemnitee and waive, and agree not to plead or make, any claim that any such action or proceeding brought in such places has been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum. __clusterTitleType__19 
 In addition to, and without regard to any limitations on, the indemnification provided for in Section 1 of this Agreement, the Company shall and hereby does indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee against all Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf if, by reason of his or her Corporate Status, Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or participant in any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company), including, without limitation, all liability arising out of the negligence or active or passive wrongdoing of Indemnitee. The only limitation that shall exist upon the Companys obligations pursuant to this Agreement shall be that the Company shall not be obligated to make any payment to Indemnitee that is finally determined (under the procedures, and subject to the presumptions, set forth in Sections 6 and 7 hereof) to be unlawful. __clusterTitleType__17 
 a. The Maker shall use its best efforts to have any registration statement declared effective at the earliest possible time, and shall furnish such number of prospectuses as shall be reasonably required. b. The Maker shall bear all costs, fees and expenses in connection with a Piggyback Registration, c. The Maker will take all necessary action which may be required in qualifying qualifying or registering the Shares included in any Piggyback Registration for offering and sale under the securities or blue sky laws of such states as are requested by the holders of such Shares, provided that the Maker shall not be obligated to execute or file any general consent to service or process or to qualify as a foreign corporation to do business under the laws of any such jurisdiction. __clusterTitleType__23 
 __clusterTitleType__17 
 (a)Except as provided herein and subject to such other exceptions as may be determined by the Committee in its discretion, the Restricted Period for one fifth (1/5) of the Restricted Shares granted herein shall expire on each anniversary of the Grant Date if and only if the Grantee has been continuously employed by the Company or any of its subsidiaries from the date of this Agreement through and including such date. (b)The Grantee shall have all rights of a stockholder with respect to the Restricted Shares, including the right to receive dividends and the right to vote such shares, subject to the following restrictions: (i)the Grantee shall not be entitled to delivery of the stock certificate for any Restricted Shares until the expiration of the Restricted Period as to such shares; (ii)none of the Restricted Shares may be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, hypothecated or otherwise encumbered or disposed of during the Restricted Period as to such shares; and (iii)except as otherwise determined by the Committee at or after the grant of the Award hereunder, any Restricted Shares as to which the applicable Restricted Period has not expired shall be forfeited, and all rights of the Grantee to such Restricted Shares shall terminate, without further obligation on the part of the Company, unless the Grantee remains in the continuous employment of the Company for the entire Restricted Period. (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Restricted Period shall automatically terminate as to all Restricted Shares awarded hereunder (as to which such Restricted Period has not previously terminated), upon the occurrence of termination of the Grantees employment with the Company which results from any of the following: (i) Grantees death or Disability; (ii) the involuntary termination of Grantees employment by the Company without Cause; or (iii) Grantee ceases employment with the Company for Good Reason. Any shares of Common Stock, any other securities of the Company and any other property (except for cash dividends) distributed with respect to the Restricted Shares shall be subject to the same restrictions, terms and conditions as such Restricted Shares. __clusterTitleType__17 
  This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between the Executive and the Company regarding the terms of the Employment and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous oral or written agreements concerning such subject matter. The Executive acknowledges that he has not entered into this Agreement in reliance upon any representation, warranty or undertaking which is not set forth in this Agreement. Any amendment to this Agreement must be in writing and signed by the Executive and the Company. __clusterTitleType__6 
 Executive agrees not to make disparaging, critical or otherwise detrimental comments to any person or entity concerning the Company, its officers, directors, trustees, and employees or the services or programs provided or to be provided by the Company and the Company agrees not to make any disparaging, critical or otherwise detrimental comments to any person or entity concerning Executive. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The provisions of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of The Commonwealth of Massachusetts. __clusterTitleType__7 
 It is the intent of the Maker and the Holder in the execution of this Note that the indebtedness hereunder be exempt from the restrictions of the usury laws of any applicable jurisdiction. The Maker and the Holder agree that none of the terms and provisions contained herein shall be construed to create a contract for the use, forbearance or detention of money requiring payment of interest at a rate in excess of the maximum interest rate permitted to be charged by the laws of any applicable jurisdiction. In such event, if any holder of this Note shall collect monies which are deemed to constitute interest which would otherwise increase the effective interest rate on this Note to a rate in excess of the maximum rate permitted to be charged by the laws of any applicable jurisdiction, all such sums deemed to constitute interest in excess of such maximum rate shall, at the option of such holder, be credited to the payment of this principal amount due hereunder or returned to the Maker. ARTICLE II COVENANTS __clusterTitleType__17 
 The advance payment made by Party A for 2008 shall be used to offset the payment for goods purchased in 2008, and Party A doesnt need to make more payments. The advance payment made by Party A for 2009 and 2010 shall be used to offset part of payment for goods according to the ratio of amount delivered in that month and the total amount in that quarter. The remaining payment shall be made in accordance with Article 3.2 hereunder. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Company shall not be required to issue or cause to be issued fractional Warrant Shares on the exercise of this Warrant. The number of full Warrant Shares that shall be issuable upon the exercise of this Warrant shall be computed on the basis of the aggregate number of Warrants Shares purchasable on exercise of this Warrant so presented. If any fraction of a Warrant Share would, except for the provisions of this Section 9, be issuable on the exercise of this Warrant, the Company shall, at its option, (i) pay an amount in cash equal to the Exercise Price multiplied by such fraction or (ii) round the number of Warrant Shares issuable, up to the next whole number. __clusterTitleType__17 
 __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. __clusterTitleType__10 
 No past, present or future director, officer, employee, incorporator, or stockholder of the Company, as such, shall have any liability for any obligations of the Company under the Notes, the Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. No past, present or future director, officer, employee, incorporator, or stockholder of any of the Guarantors, as such, shall have any liability for any obligations of the Guarantors under the Notes Guarantees, the Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. Each holder of Notes and Notes Guarantees by accepting a Note and a Note Guarantee waives and releases all such liabilities. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Notes and the Notes Guarantees. Such waiver may not be effective to waive liabilities under the federal securities laws and it is the view of the SEC that such a waiver is against public policy. __clusterTitleType__17 
  In the event that the Company shall (a) issue additional shares of Common Stock as a dividend or other distribution on outstanding Common Stock, (b) subdivide its outstanding shares of Common Stock, or (c) combine its outstanding shares of the Common Stock into a smaller number of shares of Common Stock, then, in each such event, the Purchase Price shall, simultaneously with the happening of such event, be adjusted by multiplying the then Purchase Price by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such event and the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the product so obtained shall thereafter be the Purchase Price then in effect. The Purchase Price, as so adjusted, shall be readjusted in the same manner upon the happening of any successive even t or events described herein in this Section 4. The number of shares of Common Stock that the Holder of this Warrant shall thereafter, on the exercise hereof, be entitled to receive shall be adjusted to a number determined by multiplying the number of shares of Common Stock that would otherwise (but for the provisions of this Section 4) be issuable on such exercise by a fraction of which (a) the numerator is the Purchase Price that would otherwise (but for the provisions of this Section 4) be in effect, and (b) the denominator is the Purchase Price in effect on the date of such exercise. __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their legal representatives, heirs, and permitted successors and assigns. __clusterTitleType__20 
 Each party's obligations under this Agreement are unique. If any party should default in its obligations under this Agreement, the parties each acknowledge that it would be extremely impracticable to measure the resulting damages; accordingly, the nondefaulting party, in addition to any other available rights or remedies, may sue in equity for specific performance without the necessity of posting a bond or other security, and the parties each expressly waive the defense that a remedy in damages will be adequate. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Such insurance shall be at least similar or more protective of Employee compared to companies that are similarly situated to the Company. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The Committee shall make equitable and proportionate adjustments in the terms and conditions of, and the criteria included in, this Agreement in recognition of unusual or nonrecurring events affecting the Company or the financial statements of the Company or of changes in applicable laws, regulations, or accounting principals or in the event the Committee determines that such adjustments are appropriate in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under this Agreement. The Committee is also authorized to adjust the award under this Agreement to avoid unwarranted penalties or windfalls. 3 __clusterTitleType__17 
 Employee hereby represents, warrants and covenants to the Company as follows: (a) While an employee of the Company, Employee shall assist the Company in preparation for, and in the consummation of, a Sale if requested by the Company, through the performance of Employees normal and customary employment duties, as well as those duties as may be reasonably requested by the Company from time to time, including without limitation assisting in the compilation and analysis of data relating to the Company (b) Employee acknowledges and agrees that the Companys entering into this Agreement, and its contingent obligations to make payments pursuant to Section 1 hereof, constitute full and complete consideration for each of Employees obligations hereunder __clusterTitleType__11 
  Neither the failure nor any delay on the part of a party to exercise any right, remedy, power or privilege under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege preclude any other or further exercise of the same or of any right, remedy, power or privilege, nor shall any waiver of any right, remedy, power or privilege with respect to any occurrence be construed as a waiver of such right, remedy, power or privilege with respect to any other occurrence. No waiver shall be effective unless it is in writing and is signed by the party asserted to have granted such waiver. 7 __clusterTitleType__8 
  Subject to certain conditions set forth in the Indenture, the Issuer at any time may terminate some or all of its obligations under the Indenture and the Notes if the Issuer deposits with the Trustee cash in United States dollars or Government Notes for the payment of principal and interest on the Notes to maturity. __clusterTitleType__17 
 On receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, on delivery of an indemnity agreement reasonably satisfactory in from and substance to the Company or, in the case of mutilation, on surrender and cancellation of this Warrant, the Company at is expense shall execute and deliver, in lieu of this Warrant, a new warrant of like tenor and amount. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Investor acknowledges that the Shares must be held indefinitely unless subsequently registered under the Securities Act or an exemption from such registration is available. Investor is aware of the provisions of Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act which permit limited resale of shares subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including among other things, that the Shares must be held for a period of one year following the filing of the Super 8K containing Form 10 information as the Company has historically been considered a shell as such term is defined under Rule 144. Investor acknowledges that, in the event all of the requirements of Rule 144 are not met, registration under the Securities Act or an exemption from registration will be required for any disposition of the Shares. Investor understands that, although Rule 144 is not exclusive, the Securities and Exchange Commission has expressed its opinion that persons proposing to sell restricted securities received in a private offering other than in a registered offering or pursuant to Rule 144 will have a substantial burden of proof in establishing that an exemption from registration is available for such offers or sales and that such persons and the brokers who participate in the transactions do so at their own risk. __clusterTitleType__17 
 No waiver, amendment, or other variation of the terms, conditions or provisions of this Transfer Agreement shall be valid unless in writing and signed by all of the signatories hereto, and then only to the extent specifically set forth in such writing. The parties agree that they will not rely upon any representations that purport to vary or amend the terms of this instrument or the conditions of enforcement thereof, in any manner except as set forth in this section, notwithstanding any assertions of authority to vary this instrument verbally as given by any person. __clusterTitleType__11 
 Except as expressly required by the securities laws of the United States of America, neither party shall disclose any payments under this Agreement unless prior approval of the other party is obtained. If any payment information must be disclosed, the Company shall afford the Indemnitee an opportunity to review all such disclosures and, if requested, to explain in such statement any mitigating circumstances regarding the events to be reported. __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Warrant and all rights hereunder are transferable, in whole or in part, on the books of the Company maintained for such purpose at its office referred to above by the Holder in person or by duly authorized attorney, upon surrender of this Warrant at the Companys office referred to above together with: (i) a completed and executed form of assignment, a form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit B, (ii) payment of any necessary transfer tax or other governmental charge imposed upon such transfer and (iii) an opinion of counsel reasonably acceptable to the Company stating that such transfer is exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Upon any partial transfer of this Warrant, the Company will issue and deliver to Holder a new Warrant or Warrants with respect to the portion of this Warrant not so transferred. Each taker and holder of this Warrant, by taking or holding the same, consents and agrees that this Warrant when endorsed in blank shall be deemed negotiable and that when this Warrant shall have been so endorsed, the holder hereof may be treated by the Company and all other persons dealing with this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for any purpose and as the person entitled to exercise the rights represented hereby, or to the transfer hereof on the books of the Company, any notice to the contrary notwithstanding; but until such transfer on such books, the Company may treat the registered Holder hereof as the owner for all purposes. This Warrant is exchangeable at such office for Warrants for the same aggregate number of shares of Common Stock, each new Warrant to represent the right to purchase such number of shares as the Holder shall designate at the time of such exchange. __clusterTitleType__17 
  The Secretary shall prepare and make available, at least ten (10) days before every meeting of the stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders 3 entitled to vote at such meeting arranged in alphabetical order, showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a period of at least ten (10) days prior to the meeting, either at a place within the city where the meeting is to be held, which place shall be specified in the notice of the meeting or, if not so specified, at the place where the meeting is to be held. The list shall also be produced and kept at the place of the meeting for the duration of the meeting, and may be inspected by any stockholder who is present. The stock ledger shall be the only evidence as to who are the stockholders entitled to examine the stock ledger, the list of stockholders or the books of the Corporation, or to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of the stockholders. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Subject to certain exceptions set forth in the Indenture, (i) the Indenture, the Notes or the Notes Guarantees may be amended or supplemented with the written consent of the Holders of at least a majority in principal amount of the then outstanding Notes (including the February Notes and any Additional Notes), voting as a group, and (ii) any existing default or noncompliance with any provision of the Indenture, the Notes or the Notes Guarantees (other than payment of principal, premium, if any, Additional Interest, if any, and interest) may be waived with the consent of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the then outstanding Notes. Subject to certain exceptions set forth in the Indenture, without the consent of any Noteholder, the Company, the Guarantors and the Trustee may amend or supplement the Indenture, the Notes or the Note Guarantees, to cure any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency, to provide for uncertificated Notes in addition to or in place of certificated Notes (provided that the uncertificated Notes are issued in registered form for purposes of Section 163(f) of the Code, or in a manner such that the uncertificated Notes are described in Section 163(f)(2)(B) of the Code), to provide for the assumption of the Companys obligations to Holders of Notes in the case of a merger, consolidation or sale of assets, to release any Guarantor from any of its obligations under its applicable Note Guarantee or the Indenture (to the extent permitted by the Indenture) to make any change A-9 that would provide any additional rights or benefits to the Holders of Notes or that, as determined by the Board of Directors of the Company in good faith, does not materially adversely affect the legal rights of any such Holder under the Indenture, the Notes or the Notes Guarantees, to conform the Indenture to the Description of Notes contained in the offering memorandum relating to the Initial Notes, to comply with the requirements of the SEC in order to effect or maintain the qualification of the Indenture under the TIA, to provide assets as collateral and to add additional guarantees. __clusterTitleType__8 
 Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein have the meanings ascribed to them in the Loan Agreement. __clusterTitleType__3 
 This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be taken to be an original; but such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same document. *remainder of page has intentionally been left blank* 11 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Employment Agreement has been executed as a sealed instrument by the Employer, by its duly authorized officer, and by the Executive. ARBINET CORPORATION By: /s/ Shawn F. ODonnell Name: Shawn F. ODonnell Title: President and Chief Executive Officer /s/ Christie Hill Christie Hill EXHIBIT A Equity Agreement __clusterTitleType__10 
 __clusterTitleType__17 
 25 __clusterTitleType__8 
  __clusterTitleType__17 
 This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the the State of New York, USA. Any dispute between the parties arising from this Agreement shall be submitted to the court at Amsterdam, unless SSD would decide to prefer binding arbitration conducted pursuant to the rules of the American Arbitration Association (AAA), except that the AAA shall not be notified of the arbitration. The venue for any arbitration arising under this Article 13 shall be in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. The arbitration shall be conducted before one arbitrator selected by the parties from the AAAs roster of commercial arbitrators. In the event the parties are unable to reach agreement on an arbitrator within 20 days of notice by the party demanding arbitration, the arbitrator shall be appointed by the presiding judge of the court at Amsterdam, the Netherlands. The parties agree that the substantially prevailing party in any arbitration brought pursuant to this Article 13 will be awarded his or its reasonable attorneys fees and costs incurred therein. The arbitration award shall be non-appealable and may be confirmed and enforced in any state or federal court having competent jurisdiction. __clusterTitleType__17 
 5.1 If the Executive's employment shall be terminated for any reason following a Change in Control and during the Term, the Company shall pay the Executive his full salary through the date of termination at the rate in effect immediately prior to the date of termination or, if higher, the rate in effect immediately prior to the first occurrence of an event or circumstance constituting Good Reason, together with all compensation and benefits payable to the Executive through the date of termination under the terms of the Company's compensation and benefit plans, programs and arrangements as in effect immediately prior to the date of termination or, if more favorable to the Executive, as in effect immediately prior to the first occurrence of an event or circumstance constituting Good Reason. 5.2 Subject to Section 6.1 hereof, if the Executive's employment shall be terminated for any reason following a Change in Control and during the Term, the Company shall pay to the Executive the Executive's normal post-termination compensation and benefits as such payments become due. Any such post-termination compensation and benefits shall be determined under, and paid in accordance with, the Company's retirement, insurance and other compensation and benefit plans, programs and arrangements as in effect immediately prior to the date of termination or, if more favorable to the Executive, as in effect immediately prior to the occurrence of the first event or circumstance constituting Good Reason. __clusterTitleType__17 
 (a) At least five (5) Business Days prior to the first anticipated filing date of a Registration Statement, the Company shall notify the Investor Representativein writing of the information the Company requires from each Investor if such Investor elects to have any of such Investors Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement. It shall be a condition precedent to the obligations of the Company to complete the registration pursuant to this Agreement with respect to the Registrable Securities of a particular Investor that such Investor shall, within five (5) Business Days of the Companys request, furnish to the Company such information regarding itself, the Registrable Securities held by it and the intended method of disposition of the Registrable Securities held by it, as shall be reasonably required to effect and maintain the effectiveness of the registration of such Registrable Securities and shall execute such documents in connection with such registration as the Company may reasonably request. (b) Each Investor, by such Investors acceptance of the Registrable Securities, agrees to cooperate with the Company as reasonably requested by the Company in connection with the preparation and filing of any Registration Statement hereunder, unless such Investor has notified the Company in writing of such Investors election to exclude all of such Investors Registrable Securities from such Registration Statement. 9 (c) Each Investor agrees that, upon receipt of any notice from the Company of the happening of any event of the kind described in Section 3(d) or 3(e), such Investor will immediately discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities pursuant to any Registration Statement(s) covering such Registrable Securities until such Investors receipt of the copies of the supplemented or amended prospectus or receipt of notice that no supplement or amendment is required. (d) Each Investor covenants and agrees that it will comply with the prospectus delivery requirements of the 1933 Act as applicable to it or an exemption therefrom in connection with sales of Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be mailed by certified mail, return receipt requested, sent by nationwide overnight courier or delivered against receipt to the party to whom it is to be given (a) if to Company, at the address set forth above, or (b) if to any of the Purchasers, at the respective addresses set forth on the signature page hereof (or, in either case, to such other address as the party shall have furnished in writing in accordance with the provisions of this Section). Any notice or other communication given by certified mail shall be deemed given at the time that it is signed for by the recipient except for a notice changing a partys address which shall be deemed given at the time of receipt thereof. Any notice or other communication given by nationwide overnight courier shall be deemed given the next business day following being deposited with such courier. __clusterTitleType__4 
 Each such Stock Unit award will be settled in cash on the Settlement Date. The Settlement Date shall mean the earlier of: (a) with respect to one-half of the Stock Units, March 31, 2011, (b) with respect to the other one-half of the Stock Units, March 31, 2012, and (c) the date of Grantees death. The amount to be paid on settlement of the Stock Units will be equal to the number of Stock Units being settled multiplied by the reported closing price on the NYSE for a share of SunTrust common stock on the settlement date (or, if not a NYSE trading day, on the immediately preceding such trading day). The value of the Stock Units shall be paid in a cash lump sum on the Settlement Date. For purposes of this  4, the value of each Stock Unit will equal the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock on the Settlement Date. __clusterTitleType__17 
  __clusterTitleType__17 
 Each Stockholder hereby covenants and agrees as follows with the other that: (a)Restriction on Transfer of Shares Except pursuant to Security Agreement, which was executed simultaneously with the Credit Agreement, a true and correct copy of which has been delivered to Mr. Young, no Stockholder shall, directly or indirectly: (i) offer for sale, sell (including short sales), transfer, tender, pledge, encumber, assign or otherwise dispose of (including by gift), or enter into any contract, option, derivative, hedging or other arrangement or understanding (including any profit-sharing arrangement) with respect to, or consent to the offer for sale, sale, transfer, tender, pledge, encumbrance, assignment or other disposition of, any or all of the Voting Shares or any interest therein (any of the foregoing, a Transfer), unless the transferee agrees in writing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement, or, (ii) grant any proxies or powers of attorney (other than to an affiliate of such Stockholder that agrees in writing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement) with respect to the Voting Shares, deposit any of the Voting Shares into a voting trust or enter into any other voting arrangement (other than with an affiliate of such Stockholder that agrees in writing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement or with another Stockholder or other Stockholders) or permit to exist any other lien of any nature whatsoever with respect to the Voting Shares (other than such other liens created by or arising under this Agreement or existing by operation of law), or (iii) exercise the right to convert any shares of Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock. (b)Certain Events Subject to the rights of Goldman Sachs under the Credit Agreement, the Security Agreement and the other Loan Documents, such Stockholder agrees that this Agreement and the obligations hereunder shall attach to the Voting Shares and shall be binding upon any person or entity to which legal or beneficial ownership of the Voting Shares shall pass, whether by operation of law or otherwise, including without limitation the Stockholders administrators, successors or receivers. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Investor has substantial experience in evaluating and investing in private placement transactions of securities in companies similar to the Company and acknowledges that Investor can protect its own interests. Investor has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters so that Investor is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of its investment in the Company and is aware that the Company has not generated revenue, is a development stage company and may never be profitable. __clusterTitleType__17 
 Each Shareholder agrees to comply with the obligations imposed on the Companys Representatives pursuant to Section 5.3 of the Merger Agreement as if a party thereto. __clusterTitleType__17 
 (a) The Stock Unit award will not include any rights to receive dividends or dividend equivalents. (b) Nothing in the Plan, this Agreement, or the Stock Units shall be construed to give the Grantee any rights as a shareholder of SunTrust, including the right to vote or receive dividends. The Grantee shall be an unsecured general creditor of SunTrust with respect to any cash payment relating to Stock Units, and any payment provided pursuant to this Agreement shall be made from SunTrusts general assets. (c) The Stock Units may not be sold, assigned, transferred, exchanged, pledged, hypothecated or otherwise encumbered. If Grantee is deceased at the time the Stock Units are settled, SunTrust will make such payment to the executor or administrator of Grantees estate or to Grantees other legal representative as determined in good faith by SunTrust. __clusterTitleType__17 
 . TIME SHALL BE OF THE ESSENCE OF THIS AGREEMENT. EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE SET FORTH HEREIN, SPECIFIED TIMES OF DAY REFER TO NEW YORK CITY TIME. __clusterTitleType__17 
 The settlement date for delivery of your PSU Shares following certification of vesting by the Committee as provided for in Paragraph 3 above, will be the date that is the 3rd business day following the Companys public release of its annual earnings for the Measurement Year (the Settlement Date). Upon settlement of your PSUs, the Applicable Percentage of the Target Number of PSU Shares shall be paid in Shares. Subject to the provisions of Paragraphs 6 and 9 of this Agreement, the PSU Shares shall be issued and delivered to you or to your designated Beneficiary (as hereinafter defined) on the Settlement Date. Issuance of the PSU Shares may not be accelerated, deferred or otherwise claimed by you for any reason or at any time other than upon the Settlement Date or otherwise as provided for herein. 1 __clusterTitleType__1 
 No delay or omission by either Seller or Purchaser in exercising any right shall operate as a waiver of such right or any other right. This agreement may not be altered, amended, changed, modified, waived or terminated in any respect or particular unless the same shall be in writing signed by the party to be bound. No waiver by any party of any breach hereunder shall be deemed a waiver of any other or subsequent breach. __clusterTitleType__17 
  This Note may be converted by the Holder in whole or in part as described in Section 2.1(a) hereof and the Subscription Agreement. Upon partial conversion of this Note, a new Note containing the same date and provisions of this Note shall, at the request of the Holder, be issued by the Borrower to the Holder for the principal balance of this Note and interest which shall not have been converted or paid. __clusterTitleType__17 
  The rights of the Director under this Agreement shall be deemed fully vested as of the date the Director first acquired Corporate Status, notwithstanding that such date may be prior to the date of this Agreement, which means that, among other things, that the Director shall be entitled to the indemnification and expense advancement provided for herein (subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement) with respect to all acts or omissions of such Director during the period such the Director had Corporate Status. This Agreement shall not be retroactively amended or modified to adversely affect the rights of the Director arising in connection with any acts, omissions, facts or circumstances occurring prior to such amendment or modification. No supplement, modification or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by the parties thereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions of this Agreement nor shall any waiver constitute a continuing waiver. __clusterTitleType__8 
 If Optionee is an Employee and the Option qualifies as an ISO, Optionee understands that, if Optionee disposes of any Shares received under the Option within two (2) years after the date of this Agreement or within one (1) year after such Shares were transferred to Optionee, Optionee may be treated for federal income tax purposes as having received ordinary income at the time of such disposition in any amount generally measured as the difference between the price paid for the Shares and the lower of the fair market value of the Shares at the date of exercise or the fair market value of the Shares at the of disposition. Any gain recognized on such premature sale of the Shares in excess of the amount treated as ordinary income may be characterized as capital gain. Optionee hereby agrees to notify the Company in writing within thirty (30) days after the date of any such disposition. Optionee understands that if Optionee disposes of such Shares at any time after the expiration of such two-year and one-year holding periods, any gain on such sale may be treated as long-term capital gain laws subject to meeting various qualifications. If Optionee is a Consultant or this is a Nonstatutory Stock Option, Optionee understands that, upon exercise of the Option, Optionee may recognize income for tax purposes in an amount equal to the excess of the then fair market value of the Shares over the exercise price. Upon a resale of such shares by the Optionee, any difference between the sale price and the fair market value of the Shares on the date of exercise of the Option may be treated as capital gain or loss. Optionee understands that the Company may be required to withhold tax from Optionee's current compensation in some of the circumstances described above (and Optionee hereby so authorizes the Company); to the extent that Optionee's current compensation is insufficient to satisfy the withholding tax liability, the Company may require the Optionee to make a cash payment to cover such liability as a condition to exercise of the Option. __clusterTitleType__1 
