Exhibit
10.3



PUT RIGHTS AGREEMENT


          This
Put Rights Agreement (this “Agreement”), dated as of
December 31, 2009, is
entered into by and among Henry Schein, Inc., a Delaware corporation, or its successor
(“HSI”), Burns Veterinary Supply Inc., a New York corporation (“Burns”) and, solely
for purposes of Sections 2.5(d) and 2.5(e) of this Agreement, Butler Animal
Health Holding Company, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, or its successor (the
“Company”).


          WHEREAS, as a condition to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Omnibus
Agreement (as defined below), the parties have agreed to enter into this Agreement.


          NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and of the covenants and agreements
hereinafter set forth and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of
which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows:


ARTICLE I
DEFINITIONS


     1.1. Definitions.


          (a) Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the respective meanings given to
such terms in the Operating Agreement (as defined below).


          (b) For the purposes of this Agreement, each of the following terms shall have the following
respective meanings:


               “30-Day True-Up Period” means a 30-day period commencing
on the day that HSI provides notice to Burns that either (a) an Oak Hill Put Closing has occurred and the Oak Hill Put Price has been paid to Oak Hill or  (b) no Oak Hill Put Notice was given during a Put
 Year; provided, however, that a 30-day True-Up Period shall only commence from and after the fifth anniversary of the Closing Date.



               “Agreement” shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.


               “Annual Burns Put Limitation Amount” means, (i) for any Pre Divestiture Put Year, the
lesser of (x) the number of BAHHC Common Shares valued (in accordance with Section 2.2) at
an amount equal to the difference between $150,000,000 and any Oak Hill Put Price paid by HSI to
Oak Hill with respect to an Oak Hill Put Notice delivered during such
Pre Divestiture Put Year, and (y) 41,127.14 BAHHC Common Shares, and
(ii) for any Post Divestiture Put Year, 41,127.14 BAHHC Common Shares.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Annual Burns Put Limitation Amount exceed an amount equal to the difference between $150,000,000 and any Oak Hill Put Price paid by HSI to Oak Hill during the twelve month period immediately prior to any Burns Put Closing.


               “BAHHC Common Shares” means the “Common Shares” or, following an Initial Public
Offering, the “Successor Common Stock” (each as defined in the Operating Agreement), in each case,
as adjusted for any reclassification, recapitalization, distribution, split, combination, exchange
or similar adjustment thereof.


               “Burns” shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.


               “Burns Put Closing” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.4(a).


               “Burns Put Closing Date” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.4(a).


               “Burns Put Price” means the aggregate amount payable to Burns in connection with the
exercise of a Burns Put Right, calculated by multiplying either (1) the Put Interest
Percentage and the Fair Market Value in the case of Sections 2.2(a) and 2.2(b)(ii)
or (2) the Market Price and the number of BAHHC Common Shares designated as Put Securities in the
case of Section 2.2(b)(i), as applicable; provided, that, in the case of
Section 2.2(a), the Burns Put Price shall equal (w) the amount as provided in clause (1)
above plus (x) the Excess Tax Distribution Adjustment Amount, if it is positive, or
minus (y) the Excess Tax Distribution Adjustment Amount, if it is negative, and
minus (z) the LIFO Tax Adjustment Amount, and on the Put Closing Date (A) Burns shall
transfer to HSI the entitlement with respect to the amounts in clause (x) and (B) HSI shall assume
from Burns the obligations with respect to the amounts in clauses (y) and (z).


               “Burns Put Right” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a).


               “Closing Date” shall have the meaning set forth in the Omnibus Agreement.


               “Commission” means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, or any other
federal agency administering the Securities Act and the Exchange Act at the time.


               “Company” shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.


               “Convertible Security” means any capital stock, equity or debt security convertible
into, exchangeable for or representing any rights to subscribe for or acquire any BAHHC Common
Shares. For purposes of clarification, “Convertible Security” shall not include any options.


               “Darby” means the Darby Group Companies, Inc., a New York corporation.


               “Decision Period” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.2(a)(ii)(2).


               “Designated Investment Banker” shall have the meaning set forth in Section
2.2(a)(ii)(1).


               “Discount Rate” means
the National Municipal Bond Yields for AAA Rated Tax Exempt General Obligations Bonds as reported by Bloomberg for the nearest period of time remaining with respect to the tax liabilities to the FIFO tax adjustment, which as of November 29, 2009 is 0.66% for the two (2) year bond.


               “Enterprise Value Methodology” means a methodology to be considered by the Designated
Investment Banker in connection with its determination of Fair Market Value, whereby first, the
enterprise value of the Company is calculated by multiplying (i) normalized EBITDA by (ii) an
appropriate multiple as determined by the Designated Investment Banker,
and second, total cash and cash equivalents of the Company and its subsidiaries as of the most


recent full month-end balance sheet date immediately preceding the applicable Put Notice Date would
be added thereto, and third, from the enterprise value so calculated, the total indebtedness of the
Company and its subsidiaries for borrowed monies as of the most recent full month-end balance sheet
date immediately preceding the applicable Put Notice Date would be subtracted.


               “Excess Tax Distribution Adjustment Amount” means an amount equal to the difference
between (i) the aggregate net amount that would have been received by Burns with respect to the Put
Securities if on the day immediately preceding the Burns Put Closing Date the Company had made a
distribution to its members in the minimum amount sufficient to eliminate the distribution advances
to all members (including accrued amounts in the nature of interest) provided for in Section
6.6(a)(ii) of the Operating Agreement outstanding as of that day (the “First Distribution”)
and then redistributed the amount of distribution advances treated as repaid pursuant to Section
6.6(a)(ii), and (ii) the aggregate amount that would have been received by Burns with respect to
the Put Securities if on the day immediately preceding the Burns Put Closing Date the Company had
made a distribution to its members in the amount of the First Distribution but on that date the
amount of the distribution advances provided for in that Section 6.6(a)(ii) for all members had
been zero (in both cases not taking account of any adjustments relating to tax liabilities
resulting from the change by the Company from the LIFO to the FIFO inventory accounting method).
To the extent the amount determined under clause (i) of the immediately preceding sentence exceeds
the amount determined under clause (ii) of that sentence the Excess Tax Distribution Adjustment
Amount shall be considered “positive”; to the extent the amount determined under that clause (ii)
exceeds the amount determined under that clause (i) the Excess Tax Distribution Adjustment Amount
shall be considered “negative”.
Attached hereto as Exhibit A is an example of the Excess Tax Distribution Adjustment Amount calculation set forth above.


               “Fair Market Value” means the fair market value of 100% of the equity interests of the
Company, calculated as of the relevant Put Notice Date (except as specifically provided in the
definition of Enterprise Value Methodology), determined pursuant to Section 2.2(a) or
Section 2.2(b)(ii), as applicable.


               “Final Determination” shall have the meaning set forth in Section
2.2(a)(ii)(1).


               “Final Notice” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.2(a)(ii)(2).


               “Governmental Authority” shall mean any government or any agency, bureau, board,
commission, court, department, official, political subdivision, tribunal or other instrumentality
of any government, whether federal, state or local.


               “HSI” shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.


               “In the Money Options”
means (i) all issued and outstanding options for BAHHC Common Shares for which the applicable exercise price is
less than the Put Price and which are either vested as of the applicable Put Closing Date or may become vested in
accordance with their terms within six (6) months after the applicable Put Closing Date, and (ii) any BAHHC Common
Shares issued upon exercise of any options at any time on or after the applicable Put Notice Date through the date
immediately preceding the applicable Put Closing Date.


               “Initial Public Offering” means the initial underwritten public offering of common
stock by the Company pursuant to an effective registration statement on Form S-1 (or any successor
form) under the Security Act.


               “Lien” means any pledge, hypothecation, right of others, claim, security interest,
encumbrance, adverse claim or interest, voting trust agreement, interest, equity, option, lien,
right of first refusal, charge or other restriction or limitation.


               “LIFO Tax Adjustment Amount”
means, with respect to the tax distributions to be made by the Company on or after the Burns Put Closing Date with
regard to the income already recognized, and to be recognized, for tax purposes by the Company as a result of the
change from the LIFO to the FIFO inventory accounting method in accordance with Section 4.1 of the Operating
Agreement, the amount calculated by multiplying (x) the present value (discounted at the Discount Rate) of the
amount of tax liability to be borne by Burns with regard to that income pursuant to the last sentence of
Section 4.1 of the Operating Agreement, based on the Corporate Tax Rate (as defined in the Operating Agreement,
based on the operations of the Company as of the day immediately preceding the Burns Put Closing Date for the
purpose of determining allocation and apportionment) in effect for the relevant periods on the day immediately
preceding the Burns Put Closing Date, by (y) a fraction, (i) the denominator of which shall be the Effective
Percentage Interest (as defined in the Operating Agreement) of Burns immediately following the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by the Omnibus Agreement, and (ii) the numerator of which shall be the Effective Percentage
Interest represented by the Put Securities as of immediately following the consummation of the transactions contemplated
by the Omnibus Agreement.

               “Market Price” means the closing sale price per BAHHC Common Share on the applicable
Put Notice Date (or the nearest preceding business day).


               “Notice” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.2.


               “Oak Hill” means OHCM together with OHCP.


               “Oak Hill Divestiture Date” means the date upon which Oak Hill no longer owns any
“Securities”, as that term is defined in the Oak Hill Put Rights Agreement.


               “Oak Hill Put Closing” means the occurrence of a Put Closing (as defined in the Oak
Hill Put Rights Agreement) pursuant to the Oak Hill Put Rights Agreement.


               “Oak
Hill Put Notice” means the Put Notice as defined in the Oak
Hill Put Rights Agreement.


               “Oak Hill Put Price” means the Put Price (as defined in the Oak Hill Put Rights
Agreement).


               “Oak Hill Put Rights Agreement” means the Put Rights Agreement, dated as of the date
hereof, between HSI, Oak Hill and the Company.


               “OHCM” means Oak Hill Capital Management Partners II, L.P., a Delaware limited
partnership.


               “OHCP” means Oak Hill Capital Partners II, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership.


               “Omnibus Agreement” means the Omnibus Agreement, dated as of November 29, 2009, by and
among HSI, National Logistics Services, LLC, Oak Hill, WABC, Darby, Burns, the Company and the
other Persons party thereto.


               “Operating Agreement” means the Third Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company
Operating Agreement of the Company, dated as of the date hereof, between


WABC, OHCM, HSI, OHCP,
Darby, Burns and the other members party thereto, as amended from time to time in accordance with
the terms thereof.


               “Person” means an individual, a corporation, a partnership, a joint venture, a trust,
an unincorporated organization, a limited liability company or partnership, a government and any
agency or political subdivision thereof.


               “Post Divestiture Put Year” means any Put Year following the Oak Hill Divestiture
Date. For purposes of clarification, if such date occurs during any Put Year, then the first Post
Divestiture Put Year shall be the following Put Year.


               “Pre
Divestiture Put Year” means any Put Year beginning prior to
the first Post Divestiture
Put Year.


               “Put Interest Percentage” means a percentage equal to the number of BAHHC Common
Shares designated as Put Securities in the relevant Put Notice divided by the total number of BAHHC
Common Shares and Convertible Securities then issued and outstanding determined on a fully diluted
as-converted basis taking into account option dilution for
In the Money Options, in each case as calculated as of the Put Notice
Date (except as indicated in the definition of In the Money Options).


               “Put Notice” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(b).


               “Put Notice Date” means, with respect to each Put Notice, the date on which such Put
Notice is delivered to HSI.


               “Put Securities” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(b).


               “Put Year” means the one year period commencing on the fifth anniversary of the
Closing Date and ending on the date immediately prior to the sixth anniversary of the Closing Date
and each successive one year period thereafter.


               “Qualified Initial Public Offering” has the meaning given to such term in the
Registration Rights Agreement.


               “Securities Act” means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or any similar
successor federal statute, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder, all as the
same shall be in effect at the time.


               “WABC” means W.A. Butler Company, a Delaware corporation, or its successor.


ARTICLE II
PUT RIGHTS


     2.1. Burns Put Right Grants and Mechanics.


          (a) HSI hereby grants to Burns the right (a “Burns Put Right”), at any time and from
time to time on or after the fifth anniversary of the Closing Date, to require HSI to purchase all
or any portion of the 205,635.72 BAHHC Common Shares owned by Burns on the
date hereof, on the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement.


          (b) Subject to Sections 2.5(a) through (c), Burns may exercise its Burns Put Right by delivery
of a written Notice (a “Put Notice”) to HSI, which Put Notice shall state that Burns is
exercising its Burns Put Right to require HSI to purchase the number and type of BAHHC Common
Shares specified in such Put Notice (the “Put Securities”)
and may, if such Put Notice is being delivered at any time prior to
the first anniversary of the Oak Hill Divestiture Date, state the
minimum number of Put Securities that would be acceptable to Burns
if all such Put Securities are greater than the Annual Burns Put
Limitation Amount.


     2.2. Determination of Fair Market Value. For purposes of calculating Burns Put Price
payable in connection with the exercise of any Burns Put Right, the Fair Market Value shall be
determined as follows:


       (a) Pre-QPO. If the Put Notice is delivered prior to a Qualified Initial Public
Offering, the Burns Put Price payable in connection with the exercise of any Burns Put Right shall
be determined as follows:


     (i) Mutual Agreement. Burns and HSI shall use all reasonable efforts
and negotiate in good faith to agree upon the Fair Market Value. If Burns and HSI
agree upon the Fair Market Value, then, subject to the conditions to closing set
forth in Section 2.4 below, Burns shall sell, transfer and convey, and HSI
shall purchase and accept, the Put Securities free and clear of all Liens at the
Burns Put Closing for the Burns Put Price calculated based on such agreed-upon Fair
Market Value.


     (ii) Dispute Procedures. (1) If Burns and HSI are unable to agree upon
the Fair Market Value pursuant to Section 2.2(a)(i) within twenty-one (21)
days of the Put Notice Date, then either party may request, by delivery of a written
Notice to the other party, an independent investment bank retained by the Company,
or, if such investment bank is not acceptable to Burns or HSI, another reputable
independent nationally recognized investment bank as to which HSI and Burns mutually
agree (the “Designated Investment Banker”), that the Designated Investment
Banker determine the Fair Market Value. If HSI and Burns are unable to agree upon
the selection of the Designated Investment Banker, then each shall select one
nationally recognized investment bank and the Designated Investment Banker shall be
selected by those two investment banks, whose determination of the Designated
Investment Banker will constitute an arbitral award that is final, binding and
non-appealable and upon which a judgment may be entered by a
court with jurisdiction thereover. The Designated Investment Banker shall
determine the Fair Market Value, using such method or methods of determining Fair
Market Value as it, in its sole discretion, shall determine; provided,
however, that in determining Fair Market Value, the Designated Investment
Banker shall (A) not include a discount for lack of control, minority interests,
lack of a public market in the Company’s securities or leverage levels, block sale
discounts or


otherwise take into account any contractual restrictions on the Company’s
ability to operate anywhere in the world or limiting HSI’s ability to consummate the
Burns Put Closing (other than as set forth in this Agreement), (B) consider, among
other things, the value that could be realized by a sophisticated seller seeking to
maximize the consideration to be received for the Put Securities, whether through a
private sale of 100% of the Company or a strategic combination or in an Initial
Public Offering (determined on a fully distributed basis) and assuming, for purposes
of the valuation, that the capital stock of the Company is widely held and no one
shareholder holds a control position), without taking into consideration any initial
public offering discount or underwriter’s discount or any other costs or expenses of
sale, and (C) consider, in addition to any other methods deemed by the Designated
Investment Banker, in its sole discretion, to be customary or appropriate, the
Enterprise Value Methodology. For the avoidance of doubt, the Designated
Investment Banker shall not consider or attribute any value (or negative value) to
any distribution advances by the Company provided for in Section 6.6(a)(ii) of the
Operating Agreement or tax liabilities relating to the change from the LIFO to the
FIFO inventory accounting method, which is the subject of the last sentence of
Section 4.1 of the Operating Agreement. Upon reasonable notice, the Designated
Investment Banker shall provide each of Burns and HSI the opportunity to make one
presentation (with representatives of the non-presenting party present) of
reasonable length to the Designated Investment Banker regarding their respective
views on the determination of Fair Market Value; provided that any materials
provided by any party to the Designated Investment Banker in connection with such
presentation shall be simultaneously provided to the other party. The Designated
Investment Banker shall issue its determination in writing to Burns and HSI (the
“Final Determination”) within forty-five (45) days of delivery of the
initial Notice to the Designated Investment Banker requesting such determination and
will constitute an arbitral award that is final, binding and non-appealable and upon
which judgment may be entered by a court with jurisdiction thereover.


     (2) Burns shall have fifteen (15) days after delivery of the Final
Determination (the “Decision Period”) to decide whether to (A) withdraw its
Put Notice or (B) require HSI to purchase the Put Securities indicated in its Put
Notice for a price equal to the Burns Put Price calculated based on the Fair Market
Value set forth in the Final Determination, which decision shall be furnished to HSI
by written Notice delivered prior to the expiration of the Decision Period,
notifying HSI of such decision (the “Final Notice”). If the Final Notice
indicates that Burns is withdrawing its Put Notice or if Burns fails to deliver a
Final Notice prior to the expiration of the Decision Period, then the Put Notice
shall be deemed to be irrevocably withdrawn and HSI shall not be required to
purchase the Put Securities specified in such Put Notice. Any Put Notice that is
withdrawn pursuant to this Section 2.2(a)(ii)(2) shall continue to be deemed
to have been delivered for purposes of Section 2.5(c).


          (b) Post-QPO. If the Put Notice is delivered after a Qualified Initial Public
Offering: (i) if the BAHHC Common Shares are then listed or quoted on NASDAQ or NYSE,


the Burns Put Price shall be equal to the Market Price, and (ii) if the BAHHC Common Shares
are not then listed or quoted on NASDAQ or NYSE, the Fair Market Value shall be determined in
accordance with Section 2.2(a). In lieu of exercising a Burns Put Right hereunder, Burns
may, subject to any restriction set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement and any applicable
securities law restrictions, sell any or all of their respective BAHHC Common Shares on the open
market pursuant to Rule 144 of the Securities Act or the Registration Rights Agreement.


     2.3. Payment of Burns Put Price. The Burns Put Price payable by HSI at the Burns Put
Closing shall be payable in a single cash payment by wire transfer of immediately available funds
to an account designated by Burns in writing at least two (2) days prior to the Burns Put Closing.


     2.4. Burns Put Closing; Conditions Precedent. 


          (a) HSI and Burns shall consummate the sale of the Put Shares (the “Burns Put
Closing”) as soon as reasonably practicable after the delivery of the Final Notice to HSI, but
in no event later than thirty (30) days after delivery of the Final Notice (the “Burns Put
Closing Date”), subject in all respects to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in
Sections 2.4(b) and 2.4(c).


          (b) HSI’s obligations to purchase the Put Securities at a Burns Put Closing shall be expressly
subject to the fulfillment or express written waiver by HSI of the following conditions on or prior
to the applicable Burns Put Closing Date:


     (i) HSI shall have received from Burns certificates or other instruments
representing the Put Securities, together with unit, stock or other appropriate
powers duly endorsed with respect thereto, if applicable, together with and any other documentation
reasonably requested by HSI in order to confirm that such Put Shares, and all rights
in respect thereof (including, without limitation, all economic and voting rights)
are being transferred to HSI free and clear of all Liens.


     (ii) There shall not be any order of any Governmental Authority restraining or
invalidating the transactions which are the subject of this Agreement.


     (iii) The purchase and sale of the Put Securities at the Burns Put Closing
would not violate the Securities Act or any state securities or “blue sky” laws
applicable to Burns, HSI, the Company or the Put Securities.


          (c) Burns’s obligations to sell the Put Securities at a Burns Put Closing shall be expressly
subject to the fulfillment or express written waiver by Burns of the following conditions on or
prior to the applicable Burns Put Closing Date:


     (i) HSI shall have paid the Burns Put Price.


     (ii) There shall not be any order of any Governmental Authority restraining or
invalidating the transactions which are the subject of this Agreement.


     (iii) The purchase and sale of the Put Securities at the Burns Put Closing
would not violate the Securities Act or any state securities or “blue sky” laws
applicable to Burns, HSI, the Company or the Put Securities.


          (d) If any of the conditions set forth in Section 2.4(b) and 2.4(c) are not or are not
reasonably expected to be satisfied on the Burns Put Closing Date, HSI and Burns shall cooperate in
good faith to cause such conditions to be satisfied.


     2.5. Additional Terms and Conditions Applicable to Burns Put Rights.


          (a) During any Pre Divestiture Put Year, Burns shall only be permitted to exercise its Burns
Put Right  during the 30-Day True-Up Period.


          (b) In any Put Year, HSI shall not be required to pay, in the aggregate, Burns Put Prices or
acquire, in the aggregate, that number of Put Securities, as applicable, in excess of the
applicable Annual Burns Put Limitation Amount. If the Burns Put Price otherwise payable by HSI, or
the number of Put Securities otherwise to be acquired by HSI, on a Burns Put Closing Date, when
combined with all other Burns Put Prices and Oak Hill Put Prices paid by HSI during the Put Year in
which such Burns Put Closing Date is to occur, would exceed the Annual Burns
Put Limitation Amount, then HSI shall only be obligated to purchase that portion of the Put
Securities so that, when combined with all other Burns Put Prices paid by HSI and Put Securities
acquired by HSI during the Put Year in which such Burns Put Closing Date is to occur (or deemed to
occur), the Annual Burns Put Limitation Amount is not exceeded, and the number of Put Securities to
be acquired on such Burns Put Closing Date shall be reduced accordingly. If Burns exercises its
Burns Put Right during a 30-Day True-Up Period pursuant to sub-section (b) of the definition of 30-Day True-Up Period, then the prior year’s Annual Burns Put Limitation Amount
shall be applicable; provided, however, that, if Oak Hill delivers an Oak Hill Put Notice following the
delivery of a Put Notice by Burns but prior to the applicable Put Closing therefor, then (x) the Put Closing in
respect of such Put Notice from Burns  shall be delayed so that such Put Closing shall occur
immediately following the applicable Oak Hill Put Closing, (y) the
Fair Market Value or Market Price, as applicable, shall equal the value or price used in connection with the applicable Oak Hill Put
Closing and (z) if, after giving effect to such Oak Hill Put Closing, the number of Put Securities that would be within the applicable Annual
Burns Put Limitation Amount is less than the minimum number specified
in the Put Notice, then Burns may withdraw such Put Notice and the
next Put Notice delivered by Burns during the remainder of such Put
Year shall not be subject to the provisions of Section 2.5(c).


          (c) No Put Notice may be delivered if a Put Notice has already been delivered during the
immediately preceding twelve (12) month period, and any such Put Notice shall be void ab initio;
provided, however, if a Put Notice is withdrawn pursuant to Sections
2.2(a)(ii)(2) then Burns may deliver a Put Notice after the date that is six (6) months
following the expiration of the applicable Decision Period in the case of Section
2.2(a)(ii)(2).


          (d) The Company shall, and HSI and Burns shall cause the Company to, provide the Designated
Investment Banker with access, upon reasonable notice and during normal business hours, to
management of the Company and to such documents and information as it shall reasonably request,
including, without limitation, the most recently approved Company Budget and projections for the
Company’s next fiscal year presented by Company management to the Company Board. Any access under
this Section 2.5(d) shall be subject to such limitations


as the Company may reasonably require to prevent the disclosure of non-public information
and/or the material disruption of the business of the Company, including, without limitation, the
execution of a non-disclosure agreement by the Designated Investment Banker in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Company. The Company shall provide reasonable prior written notice
to HSI and Burns of any access to be provided by the Company to the Designated Investment Banker.
HSI, Burns and their respective representatives shall have the right to accompany the Designated
Investment Banker on any visits to Company’s facilities or in any meetings between the Designated
Investment Banker and management of the Company.


          (e) All fees, costs and expenses of the Designated Investment Banker incurred in connection
with the determination of the Burns Put Price hereunder shall be borne by the Company.


          (f) The Burns Put Rights granted hereunder are personal to Burns and may not be transferred or
assigned by Burns other than in accordance with Section 3.8 hereof.


ARTICLE III
MISCELLANEOUS


     3.1. Choice of Law; Forum; Waiver of Jury Trial. This Agreement and all claims and
controversies hereunder (whether based on contract, tort or any other theory) shall be governed by
and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the state of New York, without regard to the
choice of law provisions thereof. Any proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement
shall be brought in the courts of the state of New York sitting in the County of New York, State of
New York, or, if it has or can acquire jurisdiction, in the United States District Court for the
Southern District of New York. Each party hereby expressly submits to the personal jurisdiction
and venue of such courts as provided above for the purposes thereof and expressly waives any claim
of improper venue and any claim that such courts are an inconvenient forum. Each party hereby
irrevocably consents to the service of process of any of the aforementioned courts in any such
suit, action or proceeding by the mailing of copies thereof by registered or certified mail,
postage prepaid, to the address set forth or referred to in Section 3.2. EACH PARTY HERETO
HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL
BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT
OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY).
EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS
REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION,
SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE
BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND
CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION.


     3.2. Notices. All notices, requests, demands, approvals, consents, waivers and other
communications required or permitted to be given under this Agreement (each, a “Notice”)
shall be in writing and delivered in person, by facsimile transmission (with a Notice


contemporaneously given by another method specified in this Section 3.2) or by
overnight courier service, at the following addresses (or at such other address for a party as
shall be specified to the other parties by like Notice). All such Notices shall only be duly given
and effective upon receipt (or refusal of receipt).





 
(a)
 
If to HSI, to:
Henry Schein, Inc.
135 Duryea Road
Melville, NY 11747
Facsimile: (631) 843-5660
Attn: General Counsel
With a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:
Proskauer Rose LLP
1585 Broadway
New York, NY 10036
Facsimile: (212) 969-2900
Attn: Steven Kirshenbaum, Esq.







 
(b)
 
If to Burns, to:
c/o Darby Group Companies, Inc.
300 Jericho Quadrangle
Jericho, NY 11753
Facsimile: (516) 688-2813
Attn: President
with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:
Salon, Marrow, Dyckman Newman & Broudy LLP
292 Madison Avenue
New York, NY 10017
Facsimile: (212) 661-3339
Attn: Joel Salon, Esq.




     3.3. Amendments. Any provision of this Agreement may be modified, amended or waived
only by a writing signed by each of the parties hereto. For the purposes of this Agreement and all
agreements executed pursuant hereto, no course of dealing between or among any of the parties
hereto and no delay on the part of any party hereto in exercising any rights hereunder or
thereunder shall operate as a waiver of the rights hereof and thereof.


     3.4. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement shall be held to be illegal,
invalid or unenforceable, such illegality, invalidity or unenforceability shall attach only to such
provision and shall not in any manner affect or render illegal, invalid or unenforceable any other


provision of this Agreement, and this Agreement shall be carried out as if any such illegal,
invalid or unenforceable provision were not contained herein.


     3.5. Integration. This Agreement, including the exhibits, documents and instruments
referred to herein or therein, constitutes the entire agreement among the parties with respect to
the subject matter hereof.


     3.6. Construction. The Article and Section headings used or contained in this
Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the construction of this
Agreement. The parties have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement
with counsel sophisticated in investment transactions. In the event an ambiguity or question of
intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the
parties and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party by
virtue of the authorship of any provisions of this Agreement.


     3.7. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each
of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same
instrument.


     3.8. Successors and Assigns. The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon
and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted
assigns; provided, that no party may directly or indirectly assign, delegate or otherwise transfer
any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of HSI and
Burns. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) HSI shall be entitled to assign its rights and
obligations under this Agreement, without the consent of any other party hereto, to any Affiliate
of HSI; and (b) Burns shall be entitled to assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement,
without the consent of any other party hereto to its Permitted Primary Transferees;
provided, however, that (i) one Person reasonably acceptable to HSI, shall be
appointed as agent with full power and authority to act conclusively and timely for and on behalf
of all such Permitted Primary Transferees with respect to their rights and obligations hereunder,
on terms and conditions reasonably satisfactory to HSI and (ii) HSI shall not incur or become
subject to any additional obligations as a result of any such assignment. For the avoidance of
doubt, in the event that HSI (i) consolidates with or merges into any other person and shall not be
the continuing or surviving entity in such consolidation or merger or (ii) transfers all or
substantially all of its properties and assets to any person, then, in each case, the successors
and purchasers of HSI or HSI’s properties and assets, as appropriate, shall agree to fulfill and
comply with the obligations set forth in this Agreement. Notwithstanding any assignment by any
party of its obligations hereunder, such assigning party shall remain primarily liable for all
obligations so assigned.


[Signature Page Follows.]


     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed and delivered this Agreement on the
date first above written.


 

 


 


Michael Ettinger

 


 

 

 


 


Michael Caputo 

 


 

 

 


 


Kevin R. Vasquez 

 


[Signature Page to Burns Put Rights Agreement]


