Exhibit 10.13

 

RULES OF THE


WILLIS GROUP HOLDINGS


SHARESAVE PLAN 2001 FOR THE UNITED KINGDOM


AS
AMENDED AND RESTATED ON DECEMBER 30, 2009 BY WILLIS GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED AND AS AMENDED AND RESTATED AND ASSUMED BY
WILLIS GROUP HOLDINGS PUBLIC LIMITED COMPANY ON DECEMBER 31, 2009


A
SUB-PLAN TO THE WILLIS GROUP HOLDINGS 2001 SHARE PURCHASE AND OPTION PLAN AS AMENDED AND RESTATED ON DECEMBER
30, 2009 BY WILLIS GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED AND AS AMENDED AND RESTATED AND
ASSUMED BY WILLIS GROUP HOLDINGS
PUBLIC LIMITED COMPANY ON DECEMBER 31, 2009


 

HMRC Ref: [SRS2633/RF]


CONTENTS


1.


 

2.


 

3.


 

4.


 

5.


 

6.


 

7.


 

8.


 

9.


 

10.


 

11.


 

12.


 

13.


Rules of the Willis Group Holdings Sharesave Plan 2001


1. Definitions





 
1.1
 
In this Plan, the following words and expressions shall bear, unless the
context otherwise requires, the meanings set out below:




“Appropriate Period”


 

“Associated Company”


 

“the Board”


 

“Bonus Date”


 

“Business Day”


 

“Close Company”


 

“the Company”


 

“Constitution”


 

“Control”


 

“Date of Grant”


“Date of Invitation”


 

“Eligible Employee”


 

 


 


 


 


“Exercise Price”


 

“HMRC”


 

“ITEPA 2003”


 

“Key Feature”


 

“Market Value”


 


 

 


“Material Interest”


 

“Maximum Contribution”


 


 

 


“Member of a Consortium”


 

“Monthly Contributions”


 

“Option”


 

“Option Price”


 


 

 


 


“Ordinary Shares”


 

“Participant”


 

“Participating Company”


 

 


“Rate of Exchange”


 

“Repayment”


 

“Schedule 3”


 

“Sharesave Contract”


 

“the Plan”


 

“Share”


 

“Specified Age”


“Subsidiary”


 

“Tax Liability”


 

“Trustee”





 
1.2
 
In the Plan where the context so admits or requires the singular includes the
plural and the masculine includes the feminine and vice versa; references to any
statutory provisions shall include any modification or re-enactment.


 

 
1.3
 
Headings shall be ignored in construing these Rules.




2. Application for Options





 
2.1
 
The Board may invite applications for Options from Eligible Employees on
broadly similar terms at any time.


 

 
2.2
 
Any invitation to apply for Options shall be in writing and shall include
details of:







 
(a)
 
eligibility;


 

 
(b)
 
the sterling Option Price or the mechanism by which the
sterling Option Price will be notified to Eligible Employees (which, for the
avoidance of doubt, may be different in respect of 3, 5 and/or 7 year Sharesave
Contracts);


 

 
(c)
 
the Maximum Contribution payable;


 

 
(d)
 
whether the Eligible Employees may elect for a 3, 5 or 7 year
Sharesave Contract;


 

 
(e)
 
any restriction on the amount of bonus payable under the
Sharesave Contract which may be used in the exercise of the Option;


 

 
(f)
 
the date by which applications made pursuant to Rule 2.3 must
be received (being neither earlier than 14 days nor later than 25 days after
the Date of Invitation),












 
 
 
and the Board may determine and include in the invitations details of the maximum
number of Shares over which applications for Options are to be invited.







 
2.3
 
Applications for Options must incorporate or be accompanied by a proposal for a
Sharesave Contract. If application is made for more than one Option, each Option must
incorporate or be accompanied by a proposal for a Sharesave Contract.


 

 
2.4
 
An application for an Option shall be in writing in such form as the Board may
from time to time prescribe save that it shall provide for the applicant to state:







 
(a)
 
the Monthly Contributions (being a multiple of £1 and not less
than £5) which he wishes to make under the Sharesave Contract to be made in
connection with the Option for which application is made;


 

 
(b)
 
that his proposed Monthly Contributions (when taken together
with any monthly contributions he makes under any other Sharesave Contract)
will not exceed the Maximum Contribution;


 

 
(c)
 
if Eligible Employees may elect for a 3, 5 or 7 year Sharesave
Contract, his election in that respect.







 
2.5
 
Each application for an Option shall provide that, in the event of excess
applications, each application shall be deemed to have been modified or withdrawn in
accordance with the steps taken by the Board to scale down applications pursuant to
Rule 3.


 

 
2.6
 
Proposals for a Sharesave Contract shall be limited to such building society or
bank as the Board may designate.


 

 
2.7
 
Each application shall be deemed to be for a specified number of whole Options
over the number of Shares which will be acquired at the sterling Option Price with the
Repayment under the Sharesave Contract entered into in connection with the Option.




3. Scaling Down





 
3.1
 
If valid applications are received for a total number of Shares in excess of
any maximum number of Shares determined by the Board pursuant to Rule 2.2, or any
limitation under Rule 5, the Board shall scale down applications by taking, at its
absolute discretion, any one or more of the following steps until the number of Shares
available equals or exceeds such total number of Shares applied for:







 
(a)
 
by treating any elections for the maximum bonus (being that
bonus receivable if savings are made under a 7 year contract) as elections for
the standard bonus (being that bonus receivable if savings are made under a 5
year contract) and then, so far as necessary, by reducing the proposed Monthly
Contributions pro-rata to the excess over such






 
 
 
amount as the Board shall
determine for this purpose being not less than £5 and then, so far as
necessary; or


 

 
(b)
 
by treating each election for a bonus as an election for no
bonus and then, so far as necessary, by reducing the proposed Monthly
Contributions pro rata to the excess over such amount as the Board shall
determine for this purpose being not less than £5 and then, so far as
necessary; or


 

 
(c)
 
by reducing the proposed Monthly Contributions pro rata to the
excess over such amount as the Board shall determine for this purpose being not
less than £5 and then, so far as necessary.







 
3.2
 
If the number of Shares available is insufficient to enable an Option based on
Monthly Contributions of £5 a month to be granted to each Eligible Employee making a
valid application, the Board may, as an alternative to selecting by lot, determine in
its absolute discretion that no Options shall be granted.


 

 
3.3
 
If the Board so determines, the provisions in Rule 3.1(a), (b) and (c) may be
modified or applied in any manner as may be agreed in advance with HMRC.


 

 
3.4
 
If, in applying the scaling down provisions contained in this Rule 3, Options
cannot be granted within the 30 day period referred to in Rule 4.2 below, the Board may
extend that period by twelve days regardless of the expiry of the relevant period set
out in Rule 2.1.




4. Grant of Options





 
4.1
 
No Option shall be granted to any person if:







 
(a)
 
at the Date of Grant that person shall have ceased to be an
Eligible Employee; or


 

 
(b)
 
that person has, or has had at any time within the twelve month
period preceding the Date of Grant, a Material Interest in the issued ordinary
share capital of a Close Company or a company which has Control of the Close
Company or is a Member of a Consortium which owns the Close Company.







 
4.2
 
The Board may determine when Options shall be granted save that no Option may
be granted more than 30 days after the earliest date by reference to which Market Value
of the Shares subject to that Option has been calculated.


 

 
4.3
 
The Company shall issue to each Participant an option certificate in such form
(not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan) as the Board may from time to time
prescribe. Each such certificate shall specify the Date of Grant of the Option, the
number and class of Shares over which the Option is granted, the Option Price and the
Bonus Date.






 
4.4
 
Except as otherwise provided in these Rules, every Option shall be personal to
the Participant to whom it is granted and shall not be transferable.


 

 
4.5
 
No amount shall be paid in respect of the grant of an Option.


 

 
4.6
 
Options shall be granted in sterling and accordingly, the Company shall bear
any risk in respect of the relevant Rate of Exchange.




5. Number of Shares in respect of which Options may be granted





 
5.1
 
Individual Limits


 

 
 
 
No Eligible Employee shall be granted an Option to the extent it would
at the proposed Date of Grant cause the aggregate amount of his
contributions under all Sharesave Contracts to exceed the Maximum
Contribution.


 

 
5.2
 
The number of Options over shares that an Eligible Employee may be granted will
be specified at the Date of Grant.




6. Rights of exercise and lapse of Options





 
6.1
(a)
 
 Save as provided in Rules 6.2, 6.3, 6.4 and Rule 7, an Option shall not be
exercised earlier than the Bonus Date under the Sharesave Contract entered into in
connection with the Option.







 
(b)
 
Save as provided in Rule 6.2, an Option shall not be exercised
later than six months after the Bonus Date under the Sharesave Contract entered
into in connection with the Option.


 

 
(c)
 
Save as provided in Rules 6.2, 6.3 and 6.6, an Option may only
be exercised by a Participant whilst he is a director or employee of a
Participating Company.


 

 
(d)
 
An Option may not be exercised by a Participant if he has, or
has had at any time within the twelve month period preceding the date of
exercise, a Material Interest in the issued ordinary share capital of a Close
Company or a company which has Control of a related Close Company or is a
Member of a Consortium which owns a related Close Company, nor may an Option be
exercised by the personal representatives of a deceased Participant if the
Participant had such a Material Interest at the date of his death.


 

 
(e)
 
An Option may only be exercised at a time when the Shares which
may thereby be acquired satisfy the conditions of paragraphs 17 to 22 of
Schedule 3.







 
6.2
 
An Option may be exercised by the personal representatives of a
deceased Participant to the extent of the Repayments due under the
Sharesave Contract at the date of death:







 
(a)
 
within twelve months following the date of his death if such
death occurs before the Bonus Date;


 

 
(b)
 
within twelve months following the Bonus Date in the event of
his death within six months after the Bonus Date.







 
6.3
 
An Option may, to the extent of the Repayment due under the Sharesave Contract
at the date of cessation, be exercised by a Participant within six months following his
ceasing to hold the office or employment by virtue of which he is eligible to
participate in the Plan by reason of:







 
(a)
 
injury, disability, redundancy within the meaning of the
Employment Rights Act 1996, or retirement on reaching the Specified Age or any
other age at which he is bound to retire in accordance with the terms of his
contract of employment; or


 

 
(b)
 
his office or employment being in a company of which the
Company ceases to have Control; or


 

 
(c)
 
the transfer of his contract of employment (which relates to a
business or part of a business) to a person who is neither an Associated
Company nor a company of which the Company has Control; or


 

 
(d)
 
retirement at any age at which he is entitled to retire in
accordance with the terms of his contract of employment (other than at the
Specified Age or any age at which he is bound to retire), early retirement with
the agreement of the employer, or pregnancy, but in each case only if such
cessation of office or employment is more than three years after the Date of
Grant.







 
 
 
For the purposes of the Plan, a woman who leaves employment due to pregnancy will be
regarded as having left the employment on the day on which she indicates that she
does not intend to return to work. In the absence of such indication she will be
regarded as having left employment on the last day on which she is entitled to return to work under the
Employment Rights Act 1996 or, if later, any other date specified in the terms of
her employment.







 
6.4
 
An Option may, to the extent of the Repayment due under the Sharesave Contract
at the date of reaching the Specified Age, be exercised by a Participant within six
months following the date he reaches the Specified Age if he continues after that date
to hold the office or employment by virtue of which he is eligible to participate in
the Plan.


 

 
6.5
 
No person shall be treated for the purposes of Rule 6.3 as ceasing to hold an
office or employment by virtue of which that person is eligible to participate in the
Plan until that person ceases to hold any office or employment in the Company or any
Associated Company or any company of which the company has Control.


 

 
6.6
 
If a Participant ceases to be a director or employee of a Participating
Company, but on the Bonus Date is an employee or director of an Associated











 
 
 
Company or a
company of which the Company has Control, he may exercise his Option within six months
of that date.


 

 
6.7
 
An Option granted to a Participant shall lapse upon the occurrence of the
earliest of the following:







 
(a)
 
subject to (b) below, six months after the Bonus Date under the
Sharesave Contract entered into in connection with the Option;


 

 
(b)
 
where the Participant dies before the Bonus Date, twelve months
after the date of death, and where the Participant dies in the period of six
months after the Bonus Date, twelve months after the Bonus Date;


 

 
(c)
 
the expiry of any of the six month periods specified in Rule
6.3 (a) to (d), save that if at the time any of such applicable periods expire,
time is running under the twelve month periods specified in Rule 6.2, the
Option shall not lapse by reason of this Rule 6.7 until the expiry of the
relevant twelve month period in Rule 6.2;


 

 
(d)
 
the expiry of any of the periods specified in Rules 7.1 to 7.5,
save where an Option is released in consideration of the grant of a New Option
over New Shares in the Acquiring Company (during the Appropriate Period)
pursuant to Rule 7.6;


 

 
(e)
 
the Participant ceasing to hold any office or employment with a
Participating Company or any Associated Company howsoever that cessation occurs
whether lawful or unlawful for any reason other than those specified in Rule
6.3 or as a result of his death;


 

 
(f)
 
subject to Rule 7.5, the passing of an effective resolution, or
the making of an order by the court, for the winding-up of the Company;


 

 
(g)
 
the Participant being deprived (otherwise than on death) of the
legal or beneficial ownership of the Option by operation of law, or doing
anything or omitting to do anything which causes him to be so deprived or
become bankrupt; and


 

 
(h)
 
before an Option has become capable of being exercised, the
Participant giving notice that he intends to stop paying Monthly Contributions,
or being deemed under the terms of the Sharesave Contract to have given such
notice by making an application for Repayment of the Monthly Contributions.




7. Take-over, reconstructions and amalgamation, and liquidation





 
7.1
 
If any person obtains Control of the Company as a result of making a general
offer to acquire Shares which is either unconditional or is made on a condition such
that if it is satisfied the person making the offer will have Control of the Company,
an Option may be exercised within six months of the time when the person making the offer has obtained Control
of the











 
 
 
Company and any condition subject to which the offer is made has been
satisfied or waived.


 

 
7.2
 
For the purpose of Rule 7.1 a person shall be deemed to have obtained Control
of the Company if he and others acting in concert with him have together obtained
Control of it.


 

 
7.3
 
If any person becomes bound or entitled to acquire Shares under the Companies
Acts 1963 — 2006 of Ireland pursuant to provisions that are accepted by HMRC as being
closely comparable to sections 979 to 982 of the UK Companies Act 2006 (or any other
legislation which HMRC accepts as equivalent to such sections), an Option may be
exercised at any time when that person remains so bound or entitled.


 

 
7.4
 
If, under Companies Acts 1963 — 2006 of Ireland pursuant to provisions that are
accepted by HMRC as being closely comparable to Part 26 of the UK Companies Act 2006
(or any other legislation which HMRC accepts as equivalent to such sections), the court
sanctions a compromise or arrangement proposed for the purposes of, or in connection
with, a Plan for the reconstruction of the Company or its amalgamation with any other
company or companies, an Option may be exercised within six months of the court
sanctioning the compromise or arrangement.


 

 
7.5
 
If a resolution for the voluntary winding-up of the Company is passed, an
Option may be exercised within two months from the date of the passing of the
resolution.


 

 
7.6
 
If any company (“the Acquiring Company”):







 
(a)
 
obtains Control of the Company as a result of making:







 
(i)
 
a general offer to acquire the whole of the
issued ordinary share capital of the Company which is made on a
condition such that if it is satisfied the Acquiring Company will have
Control of the Company; or


 

 
(ii)
 
a general offer to acquire all the shares in
the Company which are of the same class as the Shares which may be
acquired by the exercise of Options,







 
 
 
in either case ignoring any Shares which are already owned by it or a member
of the same group of companies; or


 

 
(b)
 
obtains Control of the Company in pursuance of a compromise or
arrangement sanctioned by the court under the Companies Acts 1963 — 2006 of
Ireland pursuant to provisions that are accepted by HMRC as being closely
comparable to Part 26 of the UK Companies Act 2006 (or any other legislation
which HMRC accepts as equivalent to such sections); or


 

 
(c)
 
becomes bound or entitled to acquire Shares under the Companies
Acts 1963 — 2006 of Ireland pursuant to provisions that are accepted











 
 
 
by HMRC as being closely comparable to sections 979 to 982 of the UK Companies Act 2006
(or any other legislation which HMRC accepts as equivalent to such sections),







 
 
 
any Participant may at any time within the Appropriate Period, by agreement with the
Acquiring Company, release within a reasonable period of time any Option granted
under the Plan which has not lapsed (“the Old Option”) in consideration of the grant
to him of an option (“the New Option”) which (for the purposes of paragraph 39 of
Schedule 3) is equivalent to the Old Option but relates to shares in a different
company (whether the Acquiring Company itself or some other company falling with in
paragraph 18(b) or (c) of Schedule 3), the New Option shall for all other purposes
of the Scheme be treated as having been acquired at the same time as the Old Option.


 

 
 
 
Where any New Options are granted pursuant to this Rule, references in these Rules
in relation to the New Options shall where appropriate be construed as if reference
to the Company and to the Shares were references to the Acquiring Company, or as the
case may be, to the other company to whose shares the New Options relate and to shares in that
company, but references to Participating Companies shall continue to be construed as
if references to the Company were references to Willis Group Holdings Public Limited
Company. An exchange of Options pursuant to this Rule 7 shall not alter the fact
that this Plan remains that of Willis Group Holdings Public Limited Company as the
original scheme organiser.


 

 
7.7
 
The New Option shall not be regarded for the purposes of Rule 7.6 as equivalent
to the Old Option unless the conditions set out in paragraph 39 of Schedule 3 are
satisfied, but so that the provisions of the Plan shall be construed as if:







 
(a)
 
the New Option were granted under the Plan at the same time as
the Old Option;


 

 
(b)
 
Rule 12.1 were omitted.







 
7.8
 
Notwithstanding Rules 7.1, 7.3 and 7.4 above, if an Acquiring Company has
obtained Control of the Company or has become entitled and bound as mentioned in Rules
7.3 and/or 7.4 and:







 
(a)
 
the shareholders of the Acquiring Company immediately after
it has obtained Control are substantially the same as the shareholders of the
Company immediately before the Acquiring Company obtained control, then the
obtaining of Control amounts to a merger with the Company; and


 

 
(b)
 
the Acquiring Company consents to an exchange of Options under
this Rule 7.8,







 
 
 
all Options are exchanged during the period set out in paragraph
38(3) of Schedule 3 and the provisions of Rule 7.6 above shall apply. No
Options are exercisable if this Rule applies.











 
7.9
 
Where, in accordance with Rules 7.6 and/or 7.8, Old Options are released and
New Options are granted, the New Options shall not be exercisable in accordance with
Rules 7.1, 7.3 and 7.4 by virtue of the event by reason of which the New Options were
granted.


 

 
7.10
 
The exercise of an Option pursuant to the preceding provisions of this Rule 7
shall be subject to the provisions of Rule 8 below.




8. Manner of exercise





 
8.1
 
An Option may only be exercised during the periods specified in Rules 6 and 7,
and only with monies not exceeding the amount of the Repayment under the Sharesave
Contract entered into in connection therewith as at the date of such exercise. For
this purpose, no account shall be taken of such part (if any) of the Repayment of any
Monthly Contribution, the due date for the payment of which under the Sharesave
Contract arises after the date of the Repayment.


 

 
8.2
 
Exercise shall be by the delivery to the Secretary of the Company or its duly
appointed agent, of an option certificate covering the Shares over which the Option is
to be exercised, with the notice of exercise in the prescribed form duly completed and
signed by the Participant (or by his duly authorised agent or personal representative)
together with any remittance for the Exercise Price payable, or authority to the
Company to withdraw and apply monies equal to the Exercise Price payable, or authority
to the Company to withdraw and apply monies from the Sharesave Contract equal to the
Exercise Price to acquire the Shares over which the Option is to be exercised. The
effective date of exercise shall be the date of delivery of the notice of exercise.


 

 
8.3
 
If the Company or a Participating Company is obliged to account for any Tax
Liability for which the Participant in question is liable in respect of the Option and
neither the Company or any other Participating Company is able to withhold the
appropriate amount from that Participant’s remuneration, or alternatively, if the
Company has not received a payment from the Participant in satisfaction of the whole
Tax Liability then the Company shall be entitled to discharge such Tax Liability as has not been so satisfied by selling, with the
consent in writing of the Participant, such number of Shares in respect of which
the Option has been validly exercised as are required to satisfy the remaining Tax
Liability and transfer the balance of the Shares to the Participant.


 

 
8.4
 
All payments made on the exercise of an option granted under this Plan shall be
paid to the Company as agent for the Trustee PROVIDED THAT if at any time of exercise
the Board and the Trustee agree or have so agreed then such payments shall be made to
the Company as principal.









9. Issue or transfer of Shares





 
9.1
 
Shares to be issued pursuant to the exercise of an Option shall be allotted
within 28 days following the effective date of exercise of the Option.


 

 
9.2
 
The Board shall procure the transfer of Shares to be transferred pursuant to
the exercise of an Option within 28 days following the effective date of exercise of
the Option.


 

 
9.3
 
Shares to be issued pursuant to the Plan will rank pari passu in all respects
with the Shares then in issue, except that they will not rank for any rights attaching
to shares by reference to a record date preceding the date of exercise.


 

 
9.4
 
Shares to be transferred pursuant to the Plan will be transferred free of all
liens, charges and encumbrances and together with all rights attaching thereto, except
they will not rank for any rights attaching to Shares by reference to a record date
preceding the date of exercise.




10. Adjustments





 
10.1
 
The number of Shares over which an Option is granted and the Option Price
thereof shall be adjusted in such manner as the Board shall determine following any
capitalisation issue, rights issue, subdivision, consolidation or reduction of share
capital of the Company or any other variation of share capital to the intent that (as
nearly as may be without involving fractions of a Share or an Option Price calculated
to more than two decimal places) the Exercise Price payable in respect of an Option
shall not be either materially changed nor increased beyond the expected Repayment
under the Sharesave Contract at the appropriate Bonus Date, provided that:







 
(a)
 
no adjustment made pursuant to this Rule 10.1 shall be made
without the prior approval of HMRC so long as the approval of the Plan is to be
maintained);


 

 
(b)
 
the Option Price for a Share is not reduced below its nominal
value; and


 

 
(c)
 
following the adjustment the Shares continue to satisfy the
conditions specified in paragraphs 17 to 22 of Schedule 3.







 
10.2
 
The Board may take such steps as it may consider necessary to notify
Participants of any adjustments made under this Rule 10 and to call in, cancel,
endorse, issue or reissue an Option certificate consequent upon such adjustment.








11. Administration





 
11.1
 
Any notice or other communication made under, or in connection with, the Plan
may be given by personal delivery, by electronic means or by post, in the case of a
company to its registered office and in the case of an individual to his last known
address, or, where he is a director or employee of the Company or an Associated Company, either to his last
known postal or electronic address or to the address of the place of business at
which he performs the whole or substantially the whole of the duties of his office
or employment. Where a notice or other communication is given by first-class post,
it shall be deemed to have been received 48 hours after it was put into the post
properly addressed and stamped. Where a notice or other communication is sent
electronically, it shall be deemed to have been received 24 hours after being sent.







 
11.2
 
The Company may distribute to Participants copies of any notice or document
normally sent by the Company to the holders of Shares.


 

 
11.3
 
If any option certificate shall be worn out, defaced or lost, it may be
replaced on such evidence being provided as the Board may require.


 

 
11.4
 
The Company shall at all times procure that sufficient Shares are available for
transfer to satisfy all Options under which Shares may be acquired.


 

 
11.5
 
The decision of the Board in any dispute relating to an Option or the due
exercise thereof or any other matter in respect of the Plan shall be final and
conclusive.


 

 
11.6
 
The costs of introducing and administering the Plan shall be borne by the
Company.




12. Alterations





 
12.1
 
Subject to the provisions of this Rule 12, the Board may at any time alter or
add to all or any of the provisions of the Plan in any respect except that, if the
approved status of the Plan is to be maintained, no such alteration or addition to a
Key Feature shall take effect until approved by HMRC.


 

 
12.2
 
No alteration or addition shall be made under Rule 12.1 which would abrogate or
adversely affect the subsisting rights of a Participant, unless it is made:







 
(i)
 
with the consent in writing of such number of Participants as
hold Options to acquire not less than 75 per cent of the Shares which would be
issued or transferred if all Options granted and subsisting were exercised in
respect of the maximum number of Shares the subject thereof; or











 
(ii)
 
by a resolution at a meeting of Participants passed by not less
than 75 per cent of the Participants who attend and vote either in person or by
proxy,







 
 
 
and for the purposes of this Rule 12.4 the Participants shall be treated as the
holders of a separate class of share capital and the provisions of the Constitution
of the Company relating to class meetings shall apply mutatis mutandis.







 
12.3
 
Rule 12.2 shall not apply to any alteration or addition which:







 
(i)
 
is necessary or desirable in order to obtain or maintain HMRC
approval of the Plan under Schedule 3 or any other enactment, or to comply with
or take account of the provisions of any proposed or existing legislation or
law, to take advantage of any changes to the legislation or law, to take
account of any of the events mentioned in Rule 10, or to obtain or maintain
favourable taxation treatment of the Company, any Participating Company or any
Participant; and


 

 
(ii)
 
does not affect a Key Feature.




13. General





 
13.1
 
The Plan shall terminate upon the tenth anniversary of its original adoption by
the Board. Termination of the Plan shall be without prejudice to the subsisting rights
of Participants.


 

 
13.2
 
The Company and any Subsidiary of the Company may provide money to the trustees
of any trust or any other person to enable them or him to acquire Shares to be held for
the purposes of the Plan, or enter into any guarantee or indemnity for these purposes.


 

 
13.3
 
The rights and obligations of any individual under the terms of his office or
employment with the Company, a Participating Company, a Subsidiary of the Company, or
an Associated Company shall not be affected by his participation in the Plan or any
right which he may have to participate therein, and an individual who participates
therein shall waive all and any rights to compensation or damages in consequence of the
termination of his office or employment with any such company for any reason
whatsoever, howsoever that termination occurs, whether lawful or unlawful, insofar as
those rights arise, or may arise, from his ceasing to have rights under or be entitled
to exercise any Option under the Plan as a result of such termination, or from the loss
or diminution in value of such rights or entitlements.


 

 
13.4
 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan the Board may amend or add to
the provisions of the Plan and the terms of Options as they consider necessary or
desirable to take account of or to mitigate or to comply with relevant overseas
taxation, securities or exchange control laws provided that the terms of Options
granted under this Plan to such overseas Eligible











 
 
 
Employees are not more favourable
than the terms of Options granted to other Eligible Employees.


 

 
13.5
 
These Rules shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law.




