Exhibit 10.1

 



NINETEENTH AMENDMENT TO LOAN
AND SECURITY AGREEMENT





This
NINETEENTH AMENDMENT TO LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT (this “Amendment”) is entered into as
of this 30th day of December, 2009 by and among BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as
successor by merger to LaSalle Business Credit, LLC, as administrative agent and
collateral agent (in such agent capacities, “Agent”) for itself and all
other lenders from time to time a party hereto (“Lenders”), located at
135 South LaSalle Street, Chicago, Illinois 60603-4105, PROTECTIVE APPAREL
CORPORATION OF AMERICA, a New York corporation (“PACA”), POINT BLANK BODY ARMOR
INC., a Delaware corporation (“Point Blank”) and LIFE WEAR
TECHNOLOGIES, INC., a Florida corporation (“Life Wear”, and together with
PACA and Point Blank, collectively, the “Borrowers” and each,
individually, a “Borrower”) and POINT BLANK
SOLUTIONS, INC., a Delaware corporation (the “Parent” and a “Guarantor”).  Unless
otherwise specified herein, capitalized terms used in this Amendment shall have
the meanings ascribed to them by the Loan Agreement (as hereinafter
defined).

 

RECITALS

 

WHEREAS,
Borrowers, Parent, Agent and Lenders have entered into that certain Amended and
Restated Loan and Security Agreement dated as of April 3, 2007 (as amended,
supplemented, restated or otherwise modified from time to time, the “Loan Agreement”);

 

WHEREAS,
Borrowers, Parent, Agent and Lenders have agreed to the amendments set forth
herein;

 

NOW
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing recitals, mutual agreements
contained herein and for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Borrowers, Parent, Agent and
Lenders hereby agree as follows:

 

SECTION 1.   Amendments.

 

(a)           The
definition of “Sixteenth Amendment Reserve” set forth in Section 1 of the Loan
Agreement is hereby amended and restated to read as follows:

 

“Sixteenth Amendment
Reserve” means, for the relevant period, (x) the dollar amount of the
“Availability Block” set forth below for such period minus (y) settlement
costs in respect of the Department of Justice matters regarding Zylon and the
investigation commenced by the Securities and Exchange Commission involving
Parent and Borrowers (the “Specific Settlement
Costs”) paid in cash after the Sixteenth Amendment Effective Date in an
aggregate amount not to exceed $1,000,000:

 
















START
      DATE

END
      DATE

AVAILABILITY
      BLOCK

Sixteenth
      Amendment Effective Date

November  6,
      2009

$7,500,000

November
      7, 2009

November
      13, 2009

$9,000,000

November
      14, 2009

November
      20, 2009

$10,500,000

November
      21, 2009

December
      4, 2009

$11,500,000

December
      5, 2009

December
      29, 2009

$7,750,000

December
      30, 2009

January
      6, 2010

$5,750,000
      plus 85% of the amount of sales assigned to Agent between December 30,
      2009 and January 6, 2010; provided,
      that the Availability Block for this period shall be increased to
      $12,750,000 upon Borrowers’ receipt of any tax refund in this
      period.

January
      7, 2010

April
      4, 2010

$12,750,000

 

 

SECTION 2.   Effectiveness.  The
effectiveness of this Amendment is subject to the satisfaction of each of the
following conditions precedent:

 

(a)           This
Amendment shall have been duly executed and delivered by Borrowers and Parent
(collectively, “Amendment
Parties”), Agent and each Lender;

 

(b)           No
Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing after giving
effect to this Amendment;

 

(c)           The
representations and warranties contained herein shall be true and correct in all
material respects; and

 

(d)           Agent
shall have received written evidence that the Army has terminated all stop-ship
orders with respect to the goods manufactured by Borrowers and has acknowledged
that the re-worked goods manufactured by Borrowers will be accepted by the
Army.

 

SECTION 3.   Representations
and Warranties.  In order to induce Agent and each Lender to
enter into this Amendment, each Amendment Party hereby represents and warrants
to Agent and each Lender, which representations and warranties shall survive the
execution and delivery of this Amendment, that:

 

(a)           all
of the representations and warranties contained in the Loan Agreement and in
each of the Other Agreements are true and correct in all material respects as of
the date hereof after giving effect to this Amendment, except to the extent that
any such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier
date;

 

(b)           the
execution, delivery and performance by Amendment Parties of this Amendment has
been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action required on their part
and this Amendment, the Loan Agreement and the Other Agreements are the legal,
valid and binding obligation of Amendment Parties enforceable against Amendment
Parties in accordance with their terms, except as their enforceability may be
affected by the effect of bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance,
reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws now or hereafter in effect
relating to or affecting the rights or remedies of creditors generally, and by
general limitations on the availability of equitable remedies;'

 














 

(c)           neither
the execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment by Amendment Parties,
the performance by Amendment Parties of the Loan Agreement nor the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby does or shall contravene, result in a
breach of, or violate (i) any provision of any Amendment Party’s certificate or
articles of incorporation or bylaws or other similar documents, or agreements,
(iii) any law or regulation, or any order or decree of any court or government
instrumentality, or (iii) any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, lease,
agreement or other instrument to which any Amendment Party or any of its
Subsidiaries is a party or by which any Amendment Party or any of its
Subsidiaries or any of their property is bound, except in any such case to the
extent such conflict or breach has been waived or consented to herein or by a
written waiver document, a copy of which has been delivered to Agent on or
before the date hereof; and

 

(d)           no
Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing after giving effect
to this Amendment.

 

SECTION
4.   Reference to and Effect Upon
the Loan Agreement.

 

(a)           Except
as specifically set forth above, the Loan Agreement and each of the Other
Agreements shall remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and
confirmed; and

 

(b)           the
amendments set forth herein are effective solely for the purposes set forth
herein and shall be limited precisely as written, and shall not be deemed to (i)
be a consent to any amendment, waiver or modification of any other term or
condition of the Loan Agreement or any of the Other Agreements except as
specifically set forth herein, (ii) operate as a waiver or otherwise prejudice
any right, power or remedy that Agent or Lenders may now have or may have in the
future under or in connection with the Loan Agreement or any of the Other
Agreements except as specifically set forth herein, (iii) constitute a waiver of
any provision of the Loan Agreement or any of the Other Agreements, except as
specifically set forth herein, or (iv) constitute a waiver of any Event of
Default existing on the date hereof or arising after the date hereof except as
specifically set forth herein and Agent and Lenders hereby reserve all rights
and remedies under the Loan Agreement and the Other Agreements as a result of
such Events of Default.  Upon the effectiveness of this Amendment,
each reference in the Loan Agreement to “this Agreement”, “herein”, “hereof” and
words of like import and each reference in the Loan Agreement and the Other
Agreements to the Loan Agreement shall mean the Loan Agreement as amended
hereby.  This Amendment shall be construed in connection with and as
part of the Loan Agreement.  Each Amendment Party hereby acknowledges
and agrees that there is no defense, setoff or counterclaim of any kind, nature
or description to the Liabilities or the payment thereof when due.

 

SECTION 5.   Costs And
Expenses.  To the extent provided in Section 4(c)(iv) of
the Loan Agreement, Borrowers agree to reimburse Agent for all fees, costs, and
expenses, including the reasonable fees, costs, and expenses of counsel or other
advisors for advice, assistance, or other representation in connection with this
Amendment.

 














 

SECTION 6.   GOVERNING
LAW. THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH
THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

 

SECTION 7.   Headings.  Section
headings in this Amendment are included herein for convenience of reference only
and shall not constitute part of this Amendment for any other
purposes.

 

SECTION 8.   Counterparts.  This
Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so
executed shall be deemed an original, but all such counterparts shall constitute
one and the same instrument.

 

[Signature
Pages Follow]

 














IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed and delivered this Amendment
as of the date first written above.

 



 

BORROWERS:

PROTECTIVE
      APPAREL CORPORATION OF AMERICA

By:

/s/
      Michelle Doery

Name:

Michelle
      Doery

Title:

Chief
      Financial Officer

POINT
      BLANK BODY ARMOR INC.

By:

/s/
      Michelle Doery

Name:

Michelle
      Doery

Title:

Chief
      Financial Officer

 

LIFE
      WEAR TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

By:

/s/
      Michelle Doery

Name:

Michelle
      Doery

Title:

Chief
      Financial Officer







PARENT:

POINT
      BLANK SOLUTIONS, INC.

By:

/s/
      Michelle Doery

Name:

Michelle
      Doery

Title:

Chief
      Financial Officer

 

 

[Signature
Page to Nineteenth Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement]

 














 

AGENT
      AND LENDER:

BANK
      OF AMERICA, N.A., as successor by merger to

LaSalle
      Business Credit, LLC

By:

/s/
      David S. Oppenheimer

Name:

David
      S. Oppenheimer

Title:

Senior
      Vice President

 

 

[Signature
Page to Nineteenth Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement]

 

