Exhibit 4.4

 

ACORDA THERAPEUTICS, INC.

 

% SENIOR NOTES DUE 20

 



 

INDENTURE

 

Dated as of                   , 20

 



 

WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY

 

Trustee

 





 

CROSS-REFERENCE TABLE*

 

Trust Indenture Act Section

 

Indenture Section

310

(a)(1)

 

7.10

 

(a)(2)

 

7.10

 

(a)(3)

 

N.A.

 

(a)(4)

 

N.A.

 

(a)(5)

 

7.10

 

(b)

 

7.10

 

(c)

 

N.A.

311

(a)

 

7.11

 

(b)

 

7.11

 

(c)

 

N.A.

312

(a)

 

2.05

 

(b)

 

11.03

 

(c)

 

11.03

313

(a)

 

7.06

 

(b)(2)

 

7.06; 7.07

 

(c)

 

7.06; 10.02

 

(d)

 

7.06

314

(a)

 

11.02; 11.05

 

(c)(1)

 

11.04

 

(c)(2)

 

11.04

 

(c)(3)

 

N.A.

 

(e)

 

10.05

 

(f)

 

N.A.

315

(a)

 

7.01

 

(b)

 

7.05; 11.02

 

(c)

 

7.01

 

(d)

 

7.01

 

(e)

 

6.11

316

(a) (last sentence)

 

2.09

 

(a)(1)(A)

 

6.05

 

(a)(1)(B)

 

6.04

 

(a)(2)

 

N.A.

 

(b)

 

6.07

 

(c)

 

2.12

317

(a)(1)

 

6.08

 

(a)(2)

 

6.09

 

(b)

 

2.04

318

(a)

 

11.01

 

(b)

 

N.A.

 

(c)

 

11.01

 



* NA means Not Applicable.

* This Cross Reference Table is not part of the Indenture.

 





 

TABLE OF CONTENTS

 

ARTICLE 1

DEFINITIONS AND INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE

 

 

 

Section 1.01

Definitions

1

 

 

 

Section 1.02

Other Definitions

7

 

 

 

Section 1.03

Incorporation by Reference of Trust Indenture Act

8

 

 

 

ARTICLE 2

THE NOTES

 

Section 2.01

Form and Dating

8

 

 

 

Section 2.02

Execution and Authentication

10

 

 

 

Section 2.03

Registrar and Paying Agent

10

 

 

 

Section 2.04

Paying Agent to Hold Money in Trust

10

 

 

 

Section 2.05

Holder Lists

11

 

 

 

Section 2.06

Transfer and Exchange

11

 

 

 

Section 2.07

Replacement Notes

21

 

 

 

Section 2.08

Outstanding Notes

21

 

 

 

Section 2.09

Treasury Notes

21

 

 

 

Section 2.10

Temporary Notes

22

 

 

 

Section 2.11

Cancellation

22

 

 

 

Section 2.12

Defaulted Interest

22

 

 

 

Section 2.13

CUSIP Numbers

22

 

 

 

ARTICLE 3

REDEMPTION AND PREPAYMENT

 

 

 

Section 3.01

Notices to Trustee

22

 

 

 

Section 3.02

Selection of Notes to Be Redeemed or Purchased

23

 

 

 

Section 3.03

Notice of Redemption

23

 

 

 

Section 3.04

Effect of Notice of Redemption

24

 

 

 

Section 3.05

Deposit of Redemption or Purchase Price

24

 

 

 

Section 3.06

Notes Redeemed or Purchased in Part

24

 





 

Section 3.07

Optional Redemption

24

 

 

 

Section 3.08

Mandatory Redemption

25

 

 

 

ARTICLE 4

COVENANTS

 

 

 

Section 4.01

Payment of Notes

25

 

 

 

Section 4.02

Maintenance of Office or Agency

25

 

 

 

Section 4.03

Compliance Certificate

25

 

 

 

Section 4.04

Limitation on Liens

26

 

 

 

Section 4.05

Limitation on Sale/Leaseback Transactions

26

 

 

 

Section 4.06

SEC Reports

26

 

 

 

ARTICLE 5

SUCCESSORS

 

 

 

Section 5.01

Merger, Consolidation, or Sale of Assets

26

 

 

 

Section 5.02

Successor Corporation Substituted

27

 

 

 

ARTICLE 6

DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES

 

 

 

Section 6.01

Events of Default

27

 

 

 

Section 6.02

Acceleration

28

 

 

 

Section 6.03

Other Remedies

29

 

 

 

Section 6.04

Waiver of Past Defaults

29

 

 

 

Section 6.05

Control by Majority

30

 

 

 

Section 6.06

Limitation on Suits

30

 

 

 

Section 6.07

Rights of Holders of Notes to Receive Payment

30

 

 

 

Section 6.08

Collection Suit by Trustee

30

 

 

 

Section 6.09

Trustee May File Proofs of Claim

30

 

 

 

Section 6.10

Priorities

31

 

 

 

Section 6.11

Undertaking for Costs

31

 

 

 

ARTICLE 7

TRUSTEE

 

 

 

Section 7.01

Duties of Trustee

31

 





 

Section 7.02

Rights of Trustee

32

 

 

 

Section 7.03

Individual Rights of Trustee

33

 

 

 

Section 7.04

Trustee’s Disclaimer

33

 

 

 

Section 7.05

Notice of Defaults

34

 

 

 

Section 7.06

Reports by Trustee to Holders of the Notes

34

 

 

 

Section 7.07

Compensation and Indemnity

34

 

 

 

Section 7.08

Replacement of Trustee

35

 

 

 

Section 7.09

Successor Trustee by Merger, etc.

35

 

 

 

Section 7.10

Eligibility; Disqualification

36

 

 

 

Section 7.11

Preferential Collection of Claims Against Company

36

 

 

 

ARTICLE 8

LEGAL DEFEASANCE AND COVENANT DEFEASANCE

 

 

 

Section 8.01

Option to Effect Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance

36

 

 

 

Section 8.02

Legal Defeasance and Discharge

36

 

 

 

Section 8.03

Covenant Defeasance

36

 

 

 

Section 8.04

Conditions to Legal or Covenant Defeasance

37

 

 

 

Section 8.05

Deposited Money and Government Securities to be Held in Trust; Other Miscellaneous Provisions

38

 

 

 

Section 8.06

Repayment to Company

38

 

 

 

Section 8.07

Reinstatement

38

 

 

 

ARTICLE 9

AMENDMENT, SUPPLEMENT AND WAIVER

 

 

 

Section 9.01

Without Consent of Holders of Notes

39

 

 

 

Section 9.02

With Consent of Holders of Notes

39

 

 

 

Section 9.03

Compliance with Trust Indenture Act

40

 

 

 

Section 9.04

Revocation and Effect of Consents

40

 

 

 

Section 9.05

Notation on or Exchange of Notes

41

 

 

 

Section 9.06

Trustee to Sign Amendments, etc.

41

 





 

ARTICLE 10

SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE

 

 

 

Section 10.01

Satisfaction and Discharge

41

 

 

 

Section 10.02

Application of Trust Money

42

 

 

 

ARTICLE 11

MISCELLANEOUS

 

 

 

Section 11.01

Trust Indenture Act Controls

42

 

 

 

Section 11.02

Notices

42

 

 

 

Section 11.03

Communication by Holders of Notes with Other Holders of Notes

43

 

 

 

Section 11.04

Certificate and Opinion as to Conditions Precedent

43

 

 

 

Section 11.05

Statements Required in Certificate or Opinion

43

 

 

 

Section 11.06

Rules by Trustee and Agents

44

 

 

 

Section 11.07

No Personal Liability of Directors, Officers, Employees and Stockholders

44

 

 

 

Section 11.08

Governing Law

44

 

 

 

Section 11.09

No Adverse Interpretation of Other Agreements

44

 

 

 

Section 11.10

Successors

44

 

 

 

Section 11.11

Severability

44

 

 

 

Section 11.12

Counterpart Originals

44

 

 

 

Section 11.13

Table of Contents, Headings, etc.

45

 

EXHIBITS

 

Exhibit A1

FORM OF NOTE

Exhibit A2

FORM OF REGULATION S TEMPORARY GLOBAL NOTE

Exhibit B

FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF TRANSFER

Exhibit C

FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF EXCHANGE

Exhibit D

FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF ACQUIRING INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTOR

 







 

INDENTURE dated as of                     , 20      between Acorda Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”) and Wilmington Trust Company, a Delaware banking corporation, as Trustee (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns, the “Trustee”).

 

The Company and the Trustee agree as follows for the benefit of each other and for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders (as defined) of the % Senior Notes due 20    (the “Notes”):

 

Article I.

DEFINITIONS AND INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE

 

SECTION 1.01       Definitions.

 

“144A Global Note” means a Global Note substantially in the form of Exhibit A1 hereto bearing the Global Note Legend and the Private Placement Legend and deposited with or on behalf of, and registered in the name of, the Depositary or its nominee that will be issued in a denomination or denominations equal to the outstanding principal amount of the Notes sold in reliance on Rule 144A.

 

“IAI Global Note” means a Global Note held by an Institutional Accredited Investor.

 

“Additional Notes” means additional Notes (other than the Initial Notes) issued under this Indenture in accordance with Section 2.01 hereof, as part of the same series as the Initial Notes.

 

“Affiliate” of any specified Person means any other Person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For purposes of this definition, “control,” as used with respect to any Person, means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by agreement or otherwise.  For purposes of this definition, the terms “controlling,” “controlled by” and “under common control with” have correlative meanings.

 

“Applicable Procedures” means, with respect to any transfer or exchange of or for beneficial interests in any Global Note, the rules and procedures of the Depositary, Euroclear and Clearstream that apply to such transfer or exchange.

 

“Bankruptcy Law” means Title 11, U.S. Code or any similar federal or state law for the relief of debtors.

 

“beneficial owner” has the meaning assigned to such term in Rule 13d-3 and Rule 13d-5 under the Exchange Act, except that in calculating the beneficial ownership of any particular “person” (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), such “person” will be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all securities that such “person” has the right to acquire by conversion, exchange or exercise of other securities, whether such right is currently exercisable or is exercisable only after the passage of time.  The terms “beneficially owns” and “beneficially owned” have a corresponding meaning.

 

“Board of Directors” means:

 

(1)   with respect to a corporation, the board of directors of the corporation or any committee thereof duly authorized to act on behalf of such board;

 

(2)   with respect to a partnership, the Board of Directors of the general partner of the partnership;

 

(3)   with respect to a limited liability company, the managing member or members or any controlling committee of managing members thereof; and

 

(4)   with respect to any other Person, the board or committee of such Person serving a similar function.

 

1







 

“Business Day” means any day other than a Legal Holiday.

 

“Capital Stock” means:

 

(1)   in the case of a corporation, corporate stock;

 

(2)   in the case of an association or business entity, any and all shares, interests, participations, rights or other equivalents (however designated) of corporate stock;

 

(3)   in the case of a partnership or limited liability company, partnership interests (whether general or limited) or membership interests; and

 

(4)   any other interest or participation that confers on a Person the right to receive a share of the profits and losses of, or distributions of assets of, the issuing Person, but excluding from all of the foregoing any debt securities convertible into Capital Stock, whether or not such debt securities include any right of participation with Capital Stock.

 

“Clearstream” means Clearstream Banking, S.A, and any and all successors thereto.

 

“Company” means the party named as such in the preamble to this Indenture, and any and all successors thereto.

 

“Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee” will be at the address of the Trustee specified in Section 11.02 hereof or such other address as to which the Trustee may give notice to the Company.

 

“Custodian” means the Trustee, as custodian with respect to the Notes in global form, or any successor entity thereto.

 

“Default” means any event that is, or with the passage of time or the giving of notice or both would be, an Event of Default.

 

“Definitive Note” means a certificated Note registered in the name of the Holder thereof and issued in accordance with Section 2.06 hereof, substantially in the form of Exhibit A1 hereto except that such Note shall not bear the Global Note Legend and shall not have the “Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note” attached thereto.

 

“Depositary” means, with respect to the Notes issuable or issued in whole or in part in global form, the Person specified in Section 2.03 hereof as the Depositary with respect to the Notes, and any and all successors thereto appointed as depositary hereunder and having become such pursuant to the applicable provision of this Indenture.

 

“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank, S.A./N.V., as operator of the Euroclear system, and any and all successor thereto.

 

“Exchange Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

 

“Fair Market Value” means the value that would be paid by a willing buyer to an unaffiliated willing seller in a transaction not involving distress or necessity of either party, determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company pursuant to a resolution of the Board of Directors.

 

“GAAP” means generally accepted accounting principles set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (including the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or in such other statements by such other entity that have been adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board as constituting generally accepted accounting principles or as

 

2







 

have otherwise been approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession), which are in effect on the date of this Indenture.

 

“Global Note Legend” means the legend set forth in Section 2.06(f)(2) hereof, which is required to be placed on all Global Notes issued under this Indenture.

 

“Global Notes” means, individually and collectively, each of the Restricted Global Notes and the Unrestricted Global Notes deposited with or on behalf of and registered in the name of the Depository or its nominee, substantially in the form of Exhibit A1 hereto and that bears the Global Note Legend and that has the “Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note” attached thereto, issued in accordance with Section 2.01, 2.06(b)(3), 2.06(b)(4), 2.06(d)(1), 2.06(d)(2) or 2.06(d)(3) hereof.

 

“Government Securities” means direct obligations of, or obligations guaranteed by, the United States of America, and the payment for which the United States pledges its full faith and credit.

 

“Hedging Obligations” means, with respect to any specified Person, the obligations of such Person under:

 

(1)   interest rate swap agreements (whether from fixed to floating or from floating to fixed), interest rate cap agreements and interest rate collar agreements;

 

(2)   other agreements or arrangements designed to manage interest rates or interest rate risk; and

 

(3)   other agreements or arrangements designed to protect such Person against fluctuations in currency exchange rates or commodity prices.

 

“Holder” means a Person in whose name a Note is registered.

 

“Indebtedness” means any and all Obligations of a Person for money borrowed which, in accordance with GAAP, would be reflected on the balance sheet of such Person as a liability on the date as of which Indebtedness is to be determined.

 

“Indenture” means this Indenture, as amended or supplemented from time to time.

 

“Indirect Participant” means a Person who holds a beneficial interest in a Global Note through a Participant.

 

“Initial Notes” means the first $               aggregate principal amount of Notes issued under this Indenture on the date hereof.

 

“Initial Purchasers” means                                                                           .

 

“Institutional Accredited Investor” means an institution that is an “accredited investor” as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under the Securities Act, who are not also QIBs.

 

“Legal Holiday” means a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in the City of New York or at a place of payment are authorized by law, regulation or executive order to remain closed.  If a payment date is a Legal Holiday at a place of payment, payment may be made at that place on the next succeeding day that is not a Legal Holiday, and no interest shall accrue on such payment for the intervening period.

 

“Lien” means, with respect to any asset, any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge, security interest or encumbrance of any kind in respect of such asset, whether or not filed, recorded or otherwise perfected under applicable law, including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any lease in the nature thereof, any option or other agreement to sell or give a security interest in and any filing of or agreement to give any financing statement under the Uniform Commercial Code (or equivalent statutes) of any jurisdiction.

 

“Non-U.S. Person” means a Person who is not a U.S. Person.

 

3





 

“Notes” has the meaning assigned to it in the preamble to this Indenture.  The Initial Notes and any Additional Notes shall be treated as a single class for all purposes under this Indenture, and unless the context otherwise requires, all references to the Notes shall include the Initial Notes and any Additional Notes.

 

“Obligations” means any principal, interest, penalties, fees, indemnifications, reimbursements, damages and other liabilities payable under the documentation governing any Indebtedness.

 

“Officer” means, with respect to any Person, the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, the Chief Operating Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer, the Treasurer, any Assistant Treasurer, the Controller, the Secretary or any Vice-President of such Person.

 

“Officers’ Certificate” means a certificate signed on behalf of the Company by two Officers of the Company, one of whom must be the principal executive officer, the principal financial officer, the treasurer or the principal accounting officer of the Company, that meets the requirements of Section 11.05 hereof.

 

“Opinion of Counsel” means an opinion from legal counsel who may be an employee of or counsel for the Company, or other counsel reasonably acceptable to the Trustee, that meets the requirements of Section 11.05 hereof.  The counsel may be an employee of or counsel to the Company, any Subsidiary of the Company or the Trustee.

 

“Participant” means, with respect to the Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream, a Person who has an account with the Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream, respectively (and, with respect to DTC, shall include Euroclear and Clearstream).

 

“Permitted Liens” means, with respect to any Person:

 

(1)  Liens securing obligations other than Indebtedness;

 

(2)  pledges or deposits by such Person under workers’ compensation laws, unemployment insurance laws or similar legislation, or good faith deposits in connection with bids, tenders, contracts (other than for the payment of Indebtedness) or leases to which such Person is a party, or deposits to secure public or statutory obligations of such Person or deposits of cash or United States government bonds to secure surety or appeal bonds to which such Person is a party, or deposits as security for contested taxes or import duties or for the payment of rent, in each case incurred in the ordinary course of business;

 

(3)  Liens imposed by law, such as carriers’, warehousemen’s and mechanics’ Liens, in each case for sums not yet due or being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings or other Liens arising out of judgments or awards against such Person with respect to which such Person shall then be proceeding with an appeal or other proceedings for review;

 

(4)  Liens for taxes, assessments or other governmental charges not yet due or payable or subject to penalties for non-payment or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings;

 

(5)  Liens in favor of issuers of surety or performance bonds or letters of credit issued pursuant to the request of and for the account of such Person in the ordinary course of its business;

 

(6)  survey exceptions, encumbrances, easements or reservations of, or rights of others for, licenses, rights-of-way, sewers, electric lines, telegraph and telephone lines and other similar purposes, or zoning or other restrictions as to the use of real property or Liens incidental to the conduct of the business of such Person or to the ownership of its properties which were not incurred in connection with Indebtedness for borrowed money and which do not in the aggregate materially adversely affect the value of said properties or materially impair their use in the operation of the business of such Person;

 

4







 

(7)  Liens securing Indebtedness incurred to finance the construction, purchase or lease of, or repairs, improvements or additions to, property of such Person; provided, however, that the Lien may not extend to any other property (other than property related to the property being financed) owned by such Person or any of its Subsidiaries at the time the Lien is incurred, and the Indebtedness (other than any interest thereon) secured by the Lien may not be incurred more than 180 days after the later of the acquisition, completion of construction, repair, improvement, addition or commencement of full operation of the property subject to the Lien;

 

(8)  Liens existing on the date of issuance of the Initial Notes;

 

(9)  Liens on property or shares of stock of another Person at the time such other Person becomes a Subsidiary of such Person; provided, however, that such Liens are not created, incurred or assumed in connection with, or in contemplation of, such other Person becoming such a Subsidiary; provided further, that such Liens do not extend to any other property owned by such Person or any of its Subsidiaries, except pursuant to after-acquired property clauses existing in the applicable agreements at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary which do not extend to property transferred to such Person by the Company;

 

(10)   Liens on property at the time such Person or any of its Subsidiaries acquires the property, including any acquisition by means of a merger or consolidation with or into such Person or any Subsidiary of such Person; provided, however, that such Liens are not created, incurred or assumed in connection with, or in contemplation of, such acquisition; provided further, that the Liens do not extend to any other property owned by such Person or any of its Subsidiaries;

 

(11)   Liens securing Indebtedness or other obligations of a Subsidiary of such Person owing to such Person;

 

(12)   Liens securing Hedging Obligations;

 

(13)   Liens to secure any refinancing, extension, renewal, refunding, repayment, redemption, defeasance, retirement or replacement (or successive refinancings, extensions, renewals, refundings, repayments, redemptions, defeasances, retirements or replacements, as applicable) as a whole, or in part, of any Indebtedness secured by any Lien referred to in the foregoing clauses (7), (8), (9) and (10); provided, however, that:

 

(A) such new Lien shall be limited to all or part of the same property that secured the original Lien (plus improvements, accessions, proceeds, dividends or distributions in respect thereof); and

 

(B) the Indebtedness secured by such Lien at such time is not increased to any amount greater than the sum of (i) the outstanding principal amount or, if greater, committed amount of the Indebtedness secured by Liens described under clauses (7), (8), (9) or (10) at the time the original Lien became a Permitted Lien under this Indenture and (ii) an amount necessary to pay any fees and expenses, including premiums, related to such refinancing, extension, renewal, refunding, repayment, redemption, defeasance, retirement or replacement, as applicable;

 

(14)   judgment Liens not giving rise to an Event of Default so long as any appropriate legal proceedings which may have been duly initiated for the review of such judgment have not been finally terminated or the period within which such proceedings may be initiated has not expired;

 

(15)   Liens arising from Uniform Commercial Code financing statement filings regarding leases that do not otherwise constitute Indebtedness entered into in the ordinary course of business;

 

(16)   Liens (including leases and subleases of real property) which are not material to the conduct of the business of the Company;

 

5







 

(17)   Liens which constitute bankers’ Liens, rights of set-off or similar rights and remedies as to deposit accounts or other funds maintained with any bank or other financial institution, whether arising by operation of law or pursuant to contract;

 

(18)   Liens on specific items of inventory or other goods and proceeds of any Person securing such Person’s obligations in respect of bankers’ acceptances issued or created for the account of such Person to facilitate the purchase, shipment or storage of such inventory or other goods; and

 

(19)   Liens on specific items of inventory or other goods and related documentation (and proceeds thereof) securing reimbursement obligations in respect of trade letters of credit issued to ensure payment of the purchase price for such items of inventory or other goods.

 

“Person” means any individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organization, limited liability company or government or other entity.

 

“Private Placement Legend” means the legend set forth in Section 2.06(f)(1) hereof to be placed on all Notes issued under this Indenture except where otherwise permitted by the provisions of this Indenture.

 

“QIB” means a “qualified institutional buyer” as defined in Rule 144A.

 

“Regulation S” means Regulation S promulgated under the Securities Act.

 

“Regulation S Permanent Global Note” means a permanent Global Note substantially in the form of Exhibit A1 hereto bearing the Global Note Legend and the Private Placement Legend and deposited with or on behalf of and registered in the name of the Depositary or its nominee, issued in a denomination equal to the outstanding principal amount of the Regulation S Temporary Global Note upon expiration of the Restricted Period.

 

“Regulation S Temporary Global Note” means a temporary Global Note substantially in the form of Exhibit A2 hereto deposited with or on behalf of and registered in the name of the Depositary or its nominee, issued in a denomination equal to the outstanding principal amount of the Notes initially sold in reliance on Rule 903 of Regulation S.

 

“Responsible Officer,” when used with respect to the Trustee, means any officer within the corporate trust department of the Trustee (or any successor group of the Trustee), including any vice president, assistant vice president, assistant secretary, assistant treasurer, trust officer or any other officer of the Trustee, as applicable, who customarily performs functions similar to those performed by the Persons who at the time shall be such officers, respectively, or to whom any corporate trust matter is referred because of such Person’s knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject and who shall in each case have direct responsibility for the administration of this Indenture.

 

“Restricted Definitive Note” means a Definitive Note bearing the Private Placement Legend.

 

“Restricted Global Note” means a Global Note bearing the Private Placement Legend.

 

“Restricted Period” means the 40-day distribution compliance period as defined in Regulation S.

 

“Rule 144” means Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act.

 

“Rule 144A” means Rule 144A promulgated under the Securities Act.

 

“Rule 903” means Rule 903 promulgated under the Securities Act.

 

“Rule 904” means Rule 904 promulgated under the Securities Act.

 

“Sale/Leaseback Transaction” means an arrangement relating to property, plant or equipment now owned or hereinafter acquired by the Company or a Subsidiary thereof whereby the Company or a Subsidiary thereof

 

6







 

transfers such property, plant or equipment to a Person and the Company or such Subsidiary leases it from such Person, other than (i) leases between the Company and a Subsidiary thereof or between Subsidiaries thereof or (ii) any such transaction entered into with respect to any property, plant or equipment or any improvements thereto at the time of, or within 180 days after, the acquisition or completion of construction of such property, plant or equipment (or, if later, the commencement of commercial operation of any such property, plant or equipment), as the case may be, to finance the cost of such property, plant or equipment, or such improvements, as the case may be.

 

“SEC” means the Securities and Exchange Commission.

 

“Securities Act” means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

 

“Significant Subsidiary” means any Subsidiary that would be a “significant subsidiary” as defined in Article 1, Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X, promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Regulation is in effect on the date of this Indenture.

 

“Subsidiary” means, with respect to any specified Person:

 

(1)   any corporation, association or other business entity of which more than 50% of the total voting power of shares of Capital Stock entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency and after giving effect to any voting agreement or stockholders’ agreement that effectively transfers voting power) to vote in the election of directors, managers or trustees of the corporation, association or other business entity is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by that Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person (or a combination thereof); and

 

(2)   any partnership (a) the sole general partner or the managing general partner of which is such Person or a Subsidiary of such Person or (b) the only general partners of which are that Person or one or more Subsidiaries of that Person (or any combination thereof).

 

“TIA” means the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended (15 U.S.C. §§ 77aaa-77bbbb).

 

“Trustee” has the meaning given to it in the preamble.

 

“Unrestricted Definitive Note” means a Definitive Note that does not bear and is not required to bear the Private Placement Legend.

 

“Unrestricted Global Note” means a Global Note that does not bear and is not required to bear the Private Placement Legend.

 

“U.S. Person” means a U.S. Person as defined in Rule 902(k) promulgated under the Securities Act.

 

Section 1.02           Other Definitions.

 

Term

 

Defined in Section

 

 

 

“Authentication Order”

 

2.02

 

 

 

“Covenant Defeasance”

 

8.03

 

 

 

“DTC”

 

2.03

 

 

 

“Event of Default”

 

6.01

 

 

 

“Legal Defeasance”

 

8.02

 

 

 

“Paying Agent”

 

2.03

 

 

 

“Payment Default”

 

6.01

 

 

 

“Redemption Date”

 

3.07

 

 

 

“Registrar”

 

2.03

 

7







 

Section 1.03           Incorporation by Reference of Trust Indenture Act.

 

Whenever this Indenture refers to a provision of the TIA, the provision is incorporated by reference in and made a part of this Indenture.

 

The following TIA terms used in this Indenture have the following meanings:

 

“indenture trustee” means the Trustee; and

 

“obligor” on the Notes means the Company and any successor obligor upon the Notes.

 

All other terms used in this Indenture and not otherwise defined that are defined by the TIA, defined by TIA with reference to another statute or defined by SEC rule under the TIA have the meanings so assigned to them.

 

Section 1.04           Rules of Construction.

 

Unless the context otherwise requires:

 

(1)   a term has the meaning assigned to it;

 

(2)   an accounting term not otherwise defined has the meaning assigned to it in accordance with GAAP;

 

(3)   “or” is not exclusive;

 

(4)   words in the singular include the plural, and in the plural include the singular;

 

(5)   “will” shall be interpreted to express a command;

 

(6)   provisions apply to successive events and transactions;

 

(7)   “including” means including without limitation; and

 

(8)   references to sections of or rules under the Securities Act will be deemed to include substitute, replacement of successor sections or rules adopted by the SEC from time to time.

 

ARTICLE I.

THE NOTES

 

Section 2.01           Form and Dating.

 

(a)   General. The Notes and the Trustee’s certificate of authentication will be substantially in the form of Exhibits A1 and A2 hereto.  The Notes may have notations, legends or endorsements required by law, stock exchange rule or usage.  Each Note will be dated the date of its authentication.  The Notes shall be in denominations of $1,000 and integral multiples thereof; provided, however, that the Company may from time to time issue, and may instruct the Trustee to authenticate, pursuant to an Authentication Order, one or more Global Notes or Definitive Notes in denominations less than $1,000 in exchange for one or more outstanding Global Notes if, and solely to the extent that, reliance on this proviso is necessary to

 

8





 

accommodate book-entry positions that have been created in denominations less than $1,000 by the Depositary.

 

The Company shall be entitled to issue Additional Notes under this Indenture, which Additional Notes shall be of the same series as the Initial Notes and have identical terms as the Initial Notes, other than with respect to the date of issuance and the issuance price.

 

The terms and provisions contained in the Notes will constitute, and are hereby expressly made, a part of this Indenture and the Company and the Trustee, by their execution and delivery of this Indenture, expressly agree to such terms and provisions and to be bound thereby.  However, to the extent any provision of any Note conflicts with the express provisions of this Indenture, the provisions of this Indenture shall govern and be controlling.

 

(b)   Global Notes.  Notes issued in global form will be substantially in the form of Exhibits A1 or A2 hereto (including the Global Note Legend thereon and the “Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note” attached thereto).  Notes issued in definitive form will be substantially in the form of Exhibit A1 hereto (but without the Global Note Legend thereon and without the “Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note” attached thereto).  Each Global Note will represent such of the outstanding Notes as will be specified therein and each shall provide that it represents the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes from time to time endorsed thereon and that the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes represented thereby may from time to time be reduced or increased, as appropriate, to reflect exchanges and redemptions.  Any endorsement of a Global Note to reflect the amount of any increase or decrease in the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes represented thereby will be made by the Trustee or the Custodian, at the direction of the Trustee, in accordance with instructions given by the Holder thereof as required by Section 2.06 hereof.

 

(c)   Temporary Global Notes. Notes offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S will be issued initially in the form of the Regulation S Temporary Global Note, which will be deposited on behalf of the purchasers of the Notes represented thereby with the Trustee, at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee, as custodian for the Depositary, and registered in the name of the Depositary or the nominee of the Depositary for the accounts of designated agents holding on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, duly executed by the Company and authenticated by the Trustee as hereinafter provided.  The Restricted Period will be terminated upon the receipt by the Trustee of:

 

(1)   a written certificate from the Depositary, together with copies of certificates from Euroclear and Clearstream certifying that they have received certification of non-United States beneficial ownership of 100% of the aggregate principal amount of the Regulation S Temporary Global Note (except to the extent of any beneficial owners thereof who acquired an interest therein during the Restricted Period pursuant to another exemption from registration under the Securities Act and who will take delivery of a beneficial ownership interest in a 144A Global Note or an IAI Global Note bearing a Private Placement Legend, all as contemplated by Section 2.06 hereof); and

 

(2)   an Officers’ Certificate from the Company.

 

Following the termination of the Restricted Period, beneficial interests in the Regulation S Temporary Global Note will be exchanged for beneficial interests in the Regulation S Permanent Global Note pursuant to the Applicable Procedures.  Simultaneously with the authentication of the Regulation S Permanent Global Note, the Trustee will cancel the Regulation S Temporary Global Note.  The aggregate principal amount of the Regulation S Temporary Global Note and the Regulation S Permanent Global Note may from time to time be increased or decreased by adjustments made on the records of the Trustee and the Depositary or its nominee, as the case may be, in connection with transfers of interest as hereinafter provided.

 

(3)   Euroclear and Clearstream Procedures Applicable.  The provisions of the “Operating Procedures of the Euroclear System” and “Terms and Conditions Governing Use of Euroclear” and the “General Terms and Conditions of Clearstream Banking” and “Customer Handbook” of Clearstream (or of any successor documents of the foregoing) will be applicable to transfers of

 

9







 

beneficial interests in the Regulation S Temporary Global Note and the Regulation S Permanent Global Note that are held by Participants through Euroclear or Clearstream.

 

Section 2.02           Execution and Authentication.

 

At least one Officer must sign the Notes for the Company by manual or facsimile signature.

 

If an Officer whose signature is on a Note no longer holds that office at the time a Note is authenticated, the Note will nevertheless be valid.

 

A Note will not be valid until authenticated by the manual signature of the Trustee. The signature will be conclusive evidence that the Note has been authenticated under this Indenture.

 

The Trustee will, upon receipt of a written order of the Company signed by two Officers (an “Authentication Order”), authenticate Notes for original issue that may be validly issued under this Indenture, including any Additional Notes.  The aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any time may not exceed the aggregate principal amount of Notes authorized for issuance by the Company pursuant to one or more Authentication Orders, except as provided in Section 2.07 hereof.

 

The Trustee may appoint an authenticating agent acceptable to the Company to authenticate Notes.  An authenticating agent may authenticate Notes whenever the Trustee may do so.  Each reference in this Indenture to authentication by the Trustee includes authentication by such agent.  An authenticating agent has the same rights as an Agent to deal with Holders or an Affiliate of the Company.

 

Section 2.03           Registrar and Paying Agent.

 

The Company will maintain an office or agency where Notes may be presented for registration of transfer or for exchange (“Registrar”) and an office or agency where Notes may be presented for payment (“Paying Agent”).  The Registrar will keep a register of the Notes and of their transfer and exchange.  The Company may appoint one or more co-registrars and one or more additional paying agents.  The term “Registrar” includes any co-registrar and the term “Paying Agent” includes any additional paying agent.  The Company may change any Paying Agent or Registrar without notice to any Holder.  The Company will notify the Trustee in writing of the name and address of any Agent not a party to this Indenture.  If the Company fails to appoint or maintain another entity as Registrar or Paying Agent, the Trustee shall act as such.  The Company or any of its Subsidiaries may act as Paying Agent or Registrar.

 

The Company initially appoints The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) to act as Depositary with respect to the Global Notes.

 

The Company initially appoints the Trustee to act as the Registrar and Paying Agent and to act as Custodian with respect to the Global Notes.

 

Section 2.04           Paying Agent to Hold Money in Trust.

 

The Company will require each Paying Agent other than the Trustee to agree in writing that the Paying Agent will hold in trust for the benefit of Holders or the Trustee all money held by the Paying Agent for the payment of all amounts payable to the Trustee under the first clause of Section 6.10, and of principal, premium, if any, and interest on the Notes, and will notify the Trustee in writing of any default by the Company in making any such payment.  While any such default continues, the Trustee may require a Paying Agent to pay all money held by it to the Trustee.  The Company at any time may require a Paying Agent to pay all money held by it to the Trustee and to account for any monies already paid.  Upon payment over to the Trustee, the Paying Agent (if other than the Company or a Subsidiary) will have no further liability for the money.  If the Company or a Subsidiary acts as Paying Agent, it will segregate and hold in a separate trust fund for the benefit of the Holders or the Trustee all money held by it as Paying Agent.  Upon any bankruptcy or reorganization proceedings relating to the Company, the Trustee will serve as Paying Agent for the Notes.

 

10







 

Section 2.05           Holder Lists.

 

The Trustee will preserve in as current a form as is reasonably practicable the most recent list available to it of the names and addresses of all Holders and shall otherwise comply with TIA § 312(a).  If the Trustee is not the Registrar, the Company will furnish to the Trustee at least seven Business Days before each interest payment date and at such other times as the Trustee may request in writing, a list in such form and as of such date as the Trustee may reasonably require of the names and addresses of the Holders of Notes and the Company shall otherwise comply with TIA § 312(a).

 

Section 2.06           Transfer and Exchange.

 

(a)   Transfer and Exchange of Global Notes.  A Global Note may not be transferred except as a whole by the Depositary to a nominee of the Depositary, by a nominee of the Depositary to the Depositary or to another nominee of the Depositary, or by the Depositary or any such nominee to a successor Depositary or a nominee of such successor Depositary. All Global Notes will be exchanged by the Company for Definitive Notes if:

 

(1)   the Company delivers to the Trustee written notice from the Depositary that it is unwilling or unable to continue to act as Depositary or that it is no longer a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act and, in either case, a successor Depositary is not appointed by the Company within 120 days after the date of such notice from the Depositary;

 

(2)   the Company delivers written notice to the Trustee that the Company, in its sole discretion, has determined that the Global Notes (in whole but not in part) should be exchanged for Definitive Notes and delivers a written notice to such effect to the Trustee; provided that in no event shall the Regulation S Temporary Global Note be exchanged by the Company for Definitive Notes prior to (A) the expiration of the Restricted Period and (B) the receipt by the Registrar of any certificates required pursuant to Rule 903(b)(3)(ii)(B) under the Securities Act; or

 

(3)   the Company delivers written notice to the Trustee that there has occurred and is continuing a Default or Event of Default with respect to the Notes.

 

Upon the occurrence of either of the preceding events in (1), (2) or (3) above, Definitive Notes shall be issued in such names as the Depositary shall instruct the Trustee.  Global Notes also may be exchanged or replaced, in whole or in part, as provided in Sections 2.07 and 2.10 hereof.  Every Note authenticated and delivered in exchange for, or in lieu of, a Global Note or any portion thereof, pursuant to this Section 2.06 or Section 2.07 or 2.10 hereof, shall be authenticated and delivered substantially in the form of, and shall be, a Global Note.  A Global Note may not be exchanged for another Note other than as provided in this Section 2.06(a), however, beneficial interests in a Global Note may be transferred and exchanged as provided in Section 2.06(b) or (c) hereof.

 

(b)   Transfer and Exchange of Beneficial Interests in the Global Notes.  The transfer and exchange of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will be effected through the Depositary, in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture and the Applicable Procedures.  Beneficial interests in the Restricted Global Notes will be subject to restrictions on transfer comparable to those set forth herein to the extent required by the Securities Act.  Transfers of beneficial interests in the Global Notes also will require compliance with either subparagraph (1) or (2) below, as applicable, as well as one or more of the other following subparagraphs, as applicable:

 

(1)   Transfer of Beneficial Interests in the Same Global Note.  Beneficial interests in any Restricted Global Note may be transferred to Persons who take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in the same Restricted Global Note in accordance with the transfer restrictions set forth in the

 

Private Placement Legend; provided, however, that prior to the expiration of the Restricted Period, transfers of beneficial interests in the Regulation S Temporary Global Note may not be made to a U.S. Person or for the account or benefit of a U.S. Person (other than an Initial Purchaser).  Beneficial interests in any Unrestricted Global Note

 

11







 

may be transferred to Persons who take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note.  No written orders or instructions shall be required to be delivered to the Registrar to effect the transfers described in this Section 2.06(b)(1).

 

(2)   All Other Transfers and Exchanges of Beneficial Interests in Global Notes. In connection with all transfers and exchanges of beneficial interests that are not subject to Section 2.06(b)(1) above, the transferor of such beneficial interest must deliver to the Registrar either:

 

(A)   both:

 

(i)   a written order from a Participant or an Indirect Participant given to the Depositary in accordance with the Applicable Procedures directing the Depositary to credit or cause to be credited a beneficial interest in another Global Note in an amount equal to the beneficial interest to be transferred or exchanged; and

 

(ii)   instructions given in accordance with the Applicable Procedures containing information regarding the Participant account to be credited with such increase; or

 

(B)   both:

 

(i)   a written order from a Participant or an Indirect Participant given to the Depositary in accordance with the Applicable Procedures directing the Depositary to cause to be issued a Definitive Note in an amount equal to the beneficial interest to be transferred or exchanged; and

 

(ii)  instructions given by the Depositary to the Registrar containing information regarding the Person in whose name such Definitive Note shall be registered to effect the transfer or exchange referred to in (1) above;

 

provided that in no event shall Definitive Notes be issued upon the transfer or exchange of beneficial interests in the Regulation S Temporary Global Note prior to (A) the expiration of the Restricted Period and (B) the receipt by the Registrar of any certificates required pursuant to Rule 903 under the Securities Act.

 

Upon satisfaction of all of the requirements for transfer or exchange of beneficial interests in Global Notes contained in this Indenture and the Notes or otherwise applicable under the Securities Act, the Trustee shall adjust the principal amount of the relevant Global Note(s) pursuant to Section 2.06(g) hereof.

 

(3)   Transfer of Beneficial Interests to Another Restricted Global Note.  A beneficial interest in any Restricted Global Note may be transferred to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in another Restricted Global Note if the transfer complies with the requirements of Section 2.06(b)(2) above and the Registrar receives the following:

 

(A)   if the transferee will take delivery in the form of a beneficial interest in the 144A Global Note, then the transferor must deliver a certificate in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (1) thereof;

 

(B)   if the transferee will take delivery in the form of a beneficial interest in the Regulation S Temporary Global Note or the Regulation S Permanent Global Note, then the transferor must deliver a certificate in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (2) thereof; and

 

12





 

(C)   if the transferee will take delivery in the form of a beneficial interest in the IAI Global Note, then the transferor must deliver a certificate in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications, certificates and Opinion of Counsel required by item (3) thereof, if applicable.

 

(4)   Transfer and Exchange of Beneficial Interests in a Restricted Global Note for Beneficial Interests in an Unrestricted Global Note.  A beneficial interest in any Restricted Global Note may be exchanged by any holder thereof for a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note or transferred to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note if the exchange or transfer complies with the requirements of Section 2.06(b)(2) above and the Registrar receives the following:

 

(A)   if the holder of such beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note proposes to exchange such beneficial interest for a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note, a certificate from such holder in the form of Exhibit C hereto, including the certifications in item (1)(a) thereof; or

 

(B)   if the holder of such beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note proposes to transfer such beneficial interest to a Person who shall take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note, a certificate from such holder in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (4) thereof;

 

and, in each such case set forth in this subparagraph (4), if the Registrar so requests or if the Applicable Procedures so require, an Opinion of Counsel in form reasonably acceptable to the Registrar to the effect that such exchange or transfer is in compliance with the Securities Act and that the restrictions on transfer contained herein and in the Private Placement Legend are no longer required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act.

 

If any such transfer is effected pursuant to subparagraph (4) above at a time when an Unrestricted Global Note has not yet been issued, the Company shall issue and, upon receipt of an Authentication Order in accordance with Section 2.02 hereof, the Trustee shall authenticate one or more Unrestricted Global Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of beneficial interests transferred pursuant to subparagraph (4) above.

 

Beneficial interests in an Unrestricted Global Note cannot be exchanged for, or transferred to Persons who take delivery thereof in the form of, a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note.

 

(c)   Transfer or Exchange of Beneficial Interests for Definitive Notes.

 

(1)   Beneficial Interests in Restricted Global Notes to Restricted Definitive Notes.  If any holder of a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note proposes to exchange such beneficial interest for a Restricted Definitive Note or to transfer such beneficial interest to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of a Restricted Definitive Note, then, upon receipt by the Registrar of the following documentation:

 

(A)   if the holder of such beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note proposes to exchange such beneficial interest for a Restricted Definitive Note, a certificate from such holder in the form of Exhibit C hereto, including the certifications in item (2)(a) thereof;

 

(B)   if such beneficial interest is being transferred to a QIB in accordance with Rule 144A, a certificate to the effect set forth in Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (1) thereof;

 

(C)   if such beneficial interest is being transferred to a Non-U.S. Person in an offshore transaction in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904, a certificate to the effect set forth in Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (2) thereof;

 

13





 

(D)   if such beneficial interest is being transferred pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act in accordance with Rule 144, a certificate to the effect set forth in Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (3)(a) thereof;

 

(E)   if such beneficial interest is being transferred to an Institutional Accredited Investor in reliance on an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act other than those listed in subparagraphs (B) through (D) above, a certificate to the effect set forth in Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications, certificates and Opinion of Counsel required by item (3) thereof, if applicable;

 

(F)   if such beneficial interest is being transferred to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, a certificate to the effect set forth in Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (3)(b) thereof; or

 

(G)   if such beneficial interest is being transferred pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, a certificate to the effect set forth in Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (3)(c) thereof,

 

the Trustee shall cause the aggregate principal amount of the applicable Global Note to be reduced accordingly pursuant to Section 2.06(g) hereof, and the Company shall execute and upon receipt of an Authentication Order in accordance with Section 2.02 hereof the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver to the Person designated in the instructions a Definitive Note in the appropriate principal amount.  Any Definitive Note issued in exchange for a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note pursuant to this Section 2.06(c) shall be registered in such name or names and in such authorized denomination or denominations as the holder of such beneficial interest shall instruct the Registrar through instructions from the Depositary and the Participant or Indirect Participant.  The Trustee shall deliver such Definitive Notes to the Persons in whose names such Notes are so registered.  Any Definitive Note issued in exchange for a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note pursuant to this Section 2.06(c)(1) shall bear the Private Placement Legend and shall be subject to all restrictions on transfer contained therein.

 

(2)   Beneficial Interests in Regulation S Temporary Global Note to Definitive Notes.  Notwithstanding Sections 2.06(c)(1)(A) and (C) hereof, a beneficial interest in the Regulation S Temporary Global Note may not be exchanged for a Definitive Note or transferred to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of a Definitive Note prior to (A) the expiration of the Restricted Period and (B) the receipt by the Registrar of any certificates required pursuant to Rule 903(b)(3)(ii)(B) under the Securities Act, except in the case of a transfer pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act other than Rule 903 or Rule 904.

 

(3)   Beneficial Interests in Restricted Global Notes to Unrestricted Definitive Notes.  A holder of a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note may exchange such beneficial interest for an Unrestricted Definitive Note or may transfer such beneficial interest to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of an Unrestricted Definitive Note only if the Registrar receives the following:

 

(A)   if the holder of such beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note proposes to exchange such beneficial interest for an Unrestricted Definitive Note, a certificate from such holder in the form of Exhibit C hereto, including the certifications in item (1)(b) thereof; or

 

(B)   if the holder of such beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note proposes to transfer such beneficial interest to a Person who shall take delivery thereof in the form of an Unrestricted Definitive Note, a certificate from such holder in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (4) thereof;

 

14







 

and, in each such case set forth in this subparagraph (3), if the Registrar so requests or if the Applicable Procedures so require, an Opinion of Counsel in form reasonably acceptable to the Registrar to the effect that such exchange or transfer is in compliance with the Securities Act and that the restrictions on transfer contained herein and in the Private Placement Legend are no longer required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act.

 

(4)   Beneficial Interests in Unrestricted Global Notes to Unrestricted Definitive Notes. If any holder of a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note proposes to exchange such beneficial interest for a Definitive Note or to transfer such beneficial interest to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of a Definitive Note, then, upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 2.06(b)(2) hereof, the Trustee will cause the aggregate principal amount of the applicable Global Note to be reduced accordingly pursuant to Section 2.06(g) hereof, and the Company will execute and upon receipt of an Authentication Order in accordance with Section 2.02 hereof the Trustee will authenticate and deliver to the Person designated in the instructions a Definitive Note in the appropriate principal amount.  Any Definitive Note issued in exchange for a beneficial interest pursuant to this Section 2.06(c)(4) will be registered in such name or names and in such authorized denomination or denominations as the holder of such beneficial interest requests through instructions to the Registrar from or through the Depositary and the Participant or Indirect Participant.  The Trustee will deliver such Definitive Notes to the Persons in whose names such Notes are so registered.  Any Definitive Note issued in exchange for a beneficial interest pursuant to this Section 2.06(c)(4) will not bear the Private Placement Legend.

 

(d)   Transfer and Exchange of Definitive Notes for Beneficial Interests.

 

(1)   Restricted Definitive Notes to Beneficial Interests in Restricted Global Notes.  If any Holder of a Restricted Definitive Note proposes to exchange such Note for a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note or to transfer such Restricted Definitive Notes to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note, then, upon receipt by the Registrar of the following documentation:

 

(A)   if the Holder of such Restricted Definitive Note proposes to exchange such Note for a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note, a certificate from such Holder in the form of Exhibit C hereto, including the certifications in item (2)(b) thereof;

 

(B)   if such Restricted Definitive Note is being transferred to a QIB in accordance with Rule 144A, a certificate to the effect set forth in Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (1) thereof;

 

(C)   if such Restricted Definitive Note is being transferred to a Non-U.S. Person in an offshore transaction in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904, a certificate to the effect set forth in Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (2) thereof;

 

(D)   if such Restricted Definitive Note is being transferred pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act in accordance with Rule 144, a certificate to the effect set forth in Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (3)(a) thereof;

 

(E)   if such Restricted Definitive Note is being transferred to an Institutional Accredited Investor in reliance on an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act other than those listed in subparagraphs (B) through (D) above, a certificate to the effect set forth in Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications, certificates and Opinion of Counsel required by item (3) thereof, if applicable;

 

15







 

(F)   if such Restricted Definitive Note is being transferred to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, a certificate to the effect set forth in Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (3)(b) thereof; or

 

(G)   if such Restricted Definitive Note is being transferred pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, a certificate to the effect set forth in Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (3)(c) thereof,

 

the Trustee will cancel the Restricted Definitive Note, increase or cause to be increased the aggregate principal amount of, in the case of clause (A) above, the appropriate Restricted Global Note, in the case of clause (B) above, the 144A Global Note, in the case of clause (C) above, the Regulation S Global Note, and in all other cases, the IAI Global Note.

 

(2)   Restricted Definitive Notes to Beneficial Interests in Unrestricted Global Notes.  A Holder of a Restricted Definitive Note may exchange such Note for a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note or transfer such Restricted Definitive Note to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note only if the Registrar receives the following:

 

(A)   if the Holder of such Definitive Notes proposes to exchange such Notes for a beneficial interest in the Unrestricted Global Note, a certificate from such Holder in the form of Exhibit C hereto, including the certifications in item (1)(c) thereof; or

 

(B)   if the Holder of such Definitive Notes proposes to transfer such Notes to a Person who shall take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in the Unrestricted Global Note, a certificate from such Holder in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (4) thereof;

 

and, in each such case set forth in this subparagraph (2), if the Registrar so requests or if the Applicable Procedures so require, an Opinion of Counsel in form reasonably acceptable to the Registrar to the effect that such exchange or transfer is in compliance with the Securities Act and that the restrictions on transfer contained herein and in the Private Placement Legend are no longer required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act.

 

Upon satisfaction of the conditions of any of the subparagraphs in this Section 2.06(d)(2), the Trustee will cancel the Definitive Notes and increase or cause to be increased the aggregate principal amount of the Unrestricted Global Note.

 

(3)   Unrestricted Definitive Notes to Beneficial Interests in Unrestricted Global Notes.  A Holder of an Unrestricted Definitive Note may exchange such Note for a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note or transfer such Definitive Notes to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note at any time.  Upon receipt of a request for such an exchange or transfer, the Trustee will cancel the applicable Unrestricted Definitive Note and increase or cause to be increased the aggregate principal amount of one of the Unrestricted Global Notes.

 

If any such exchange or transfer from a Definitive Note to a beneficial interest is effected pursuant to subparagraphs (2) or (3) above at a time when an Unrestricted Global Note has not yet been issued, the Company will issue and, upon receipt of an Authentication Order in accordance with Section 2.02 hereof, the Trustee will authenticate one or more Unrestricted Global Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Definitive Notes so transferred.

 

(e)   Transfer and Exchange of Definitive Notes for Definitive Notes.  Upon request by a Holder of Definitive Notes and such Holder’s compliance with the provisions of this Section 2.06(e), the Registrar will register the transfer or exchange of Definitive Notes.  Prior to such registration of transfer or exchange, the requesting Holder must present or surrender to the Registrar the Definitive Notes duly endorsed or

 

16







 

accompanied by a written instruction of transfer in form satisfactory to the Registrar duly executed by such Holder or by its attorney, duly authorized in writing.  In addition, the requesting Holder must provide any additional certifications, documents and information, as applicable, required pursuant to the following provisions of this Section 2.06(e).

 

(1)   Restricted Definitive Notes to Restricted Definitive Notes.  Any Restricted Definitive Note may be transferred to and registered in the name of Persons who take delivery thereof in the form of a Restricted Definitive Note if the Registrar receives the following:

 

(A)   if the transfer will be made pursuant to Rule 144A, then the transferor must deliver a certificate in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (1) thereof;

 

(B)   if the transfer will be made pursuant to Rule 903 or Rule 904, then the transferor must deliver a certificate in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (2) thereof; and

 

(C)   if the transfer will be made pursuant to any other exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, then the transferor must deliver a certificate in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications, certificates and Opinion of Counsel required by item (3) thereof, if applicable.

 

(2)   Restricted Definitive Notes to Unrestricted Definitive Notes.  Any Restricted Definitive Note may be exchanged by the Holder thereof for an Unrestricted Definitive Note or transferred to a Person or Persons who take delivery thereof in the form of an Unrestricted Definitive Note if the Registrar receives the following:

 

(A)   if the Holder of such Restricted Definitive Notes proposes to exchange such Notes for an Unrestricted Definitive Note, a certificate from such Holder in the form of Exhibit C hereto, including the certifications in item (1)(d) thereof; or

 

(B)   if the Holder of such Restricted Definitive Notes proposes to transfer such Notes to a Person who shall take delivery thereof in the form of an Unrestricted Definitive Note, a certificate from such Holder in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (4) thereof;

 

and, in each such case set forth in this subparagraph (2), if the Registrar so requests, an Opinion of Counsel in form reasonably acceptable to the Registrar to the effect that such exchange or transfer is in compliance with the Securities Act and that the restrictions on transfer contained herein and in the Private Placement Legend are no longer required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act.

 

(3)   Unrestricted Definitive Notes to Unrestricted Definitive Notes.  A Holder of Unrestricted Definitive Notes may transfer such Notes to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of an Unrestricted Definitive Note.  Upon receipt of a request to register such a transfer, the Registrar shall register the Unrestricted Definitive Notes pursuant to the instructions from the Holder thereof.

 

(f)   Legends.  The following legends will appear on the face of all Global Notes and Definitive Notes issued under this Indenture unless specifically stated otherwise in the applicable provisions of this Indenture.

 

(1)   Private Placement Legend.

 

(A)   Except as permitted by subparagraph (B) below, each Global Note and each Definitive Note (and all Notes issued in exchange therefor or substitution thereof) shall bear the legend in substantially the following form:

 

17







 

“THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”) AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS, EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE.  BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN, THE HOLDER (1) REPRESENTS THAT (A) IT IS A “QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER” (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) (A “QIB”), (B) IT IS NOT A U.S. PERSON, IS NOT ACQUIRING THIS NOTE FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF A U.S. PERSON AND IS ACQUIRING THIS NOTE IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN COMPLIANCE WITH REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (C) IT IS AN INSTITUTIONAL “ACCREDITED INVESTOR” (AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(A)(1), (2), (3) OR (7) OF REGULATION D UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) (AN “IAI”), (2) AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT, WITHIN THE TIME PERIOD REFERRED TO UNDER RULE 144(b)(1) (TAKING INTO ACCOUNT THE PROVISIONS OF RULE 144(d) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, IF APPLICABLE) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AS IN EFFECT ON THE DATE OF THE TRANSFER OF THIS NOTE, RESELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS NOTE EXCEPT (A) TO THE COMPANY OR ANY SUBSIDIARY THEREOF, (B) TO A PERSON WHOM THE HOLDER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QIB PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QIB IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (C) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 904 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (D) PURSUANT TO THE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF AVAILABLE), (E) TO AN IAI THAT, PRIOR TO SUCH TRANSFER, FURNISHES TO THE TRUSTEE A SIGNED LETTER CONTAINING CERTAIN REPRESENTATIONS AND AGREEMENTS RELATING TO THE REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER OF THIS NOTE (THE FORM OF WHICH LETTER CAN BE OBTAINED FROM THE TRUSTEE) AND, IF SUCH TRANSFER IS IN RESPECT OF AN AGGREGATE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF NOTES AT THE TIME OF TRANSFER OF LESS THAN $250,000, AN OPINION OF COUNSEL ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY THAT SUCH TRANSFER IS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT OR (F) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND, IN EACH CASE, IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND (3) AGREES THAT IT WILL DELIVER TO EACH PERSON TO WHOM THIS NOTE OR AN INTEREST HEREIN IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND.  IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSFER OF THIS NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN WITHIN THE TIME PERIOD REFERRED TO ABOVE, THE HOLDER MUST CHECK THE APPROPRIATE BOX SET FORTH ON THE REVERSE HEREOF RELATING TO THE MANNER OF SUCH TRANSFER AND SUBMIT THIS CERTIFICATE TO THE TRUSTEE.  AS USED HEREIN, THE TERMS “OFFSHORE TRANSACTION,” “UNITED STATES” AND “U.S. PERSON” HAVE THE MEANINGS GIVEN TO THEM BY RULE 902 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT.  THE INDENTURE CONTAINS A PROVISION REQUIRING THE TRUSTEE TO REFUSE TO REGISTER ANY TRANSFER OF THIS NOTE IN VIOLATION OF THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS.”

 

(B)   Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Global Note or Definitive Note issued pursuant to subparagraphs (b)(4), (c)(3), (c)(4), (d)(2), (d)(3), (e)(2) or (e)(3) of this Section 2.06 (and all Notes issued in exchange therefor or substitution thereof) will not bear the Private Placement Legend.

 

18







 

(2)   Global Note Legend.  Each Global Note will bear a legend in substantially the following form:

 

“THIS GLOBAL NOTE IS HELD BY THE DEPOSITARY (AS DEFINED IN THE INDENTURE GOVERNING THIS NOTE) OR ITS NOMINEE IN CUSTODY FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE BENEFICIAL OWNERS HEREOF, AND IS NOT TRANSFERABLE TO ANY PERSON UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES EXCEPT THAT (1) THE TRUSTEE MAY MAKE SUCH NOTATIONS HEREON AS MAY BE REQUIRED PURSUANT TO SECTION 2.06 OF THE INDENTURE, (2) THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAY BE EXCHANGED IN WHOLE BUT NOT IN PART PURSUANT TO SECTION 2.06(a) OF THE INDENTURE, (3) THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAY BE DELIVERED TO THE TRUSTEE FOR CANCELLATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 2.11 OF THE INDENTURE AND (4) THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAY BE TRANSFERRED TO A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY WITH THE PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT OF THE COMPANY.

 

UNLESS AND UNTIL IT IS EXCHANGED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR NOTES IN DEFINITIVE FORM, THIS NOTE MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS A WHOLE BY THE DEPOSITARY TO A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY OR BY A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY TO THE DEPOSITARY OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY OR BY THE DEPOSITARY OR ANY SUCH NOMINEE TO A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF SUCH SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY.  UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY (55 WATER STREET, NEW YORK, NEW YORK) (“DTC”), TO THE COMPANY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR SUCH OTHER NAME AS MAY BE REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS MAY BE REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.”

 

(3)   Regulation S Temporary Global Note Legend. The Regulation S Temporary Global Note will bear a Legend in substantially the following form:

 

“THE RIGHTS ATTACHING TO THIS REGULATION S TEMPORARY GLOBAL NOTE, AND THE CONDITIONS AND PROCEDURES GOVERNING ITS EXCHANGE FOR CERTIFICATED NOTES, ARE AS SPECIFIED IN THE INDENTURE (AS DEFINED HEREIN).  NEITHER THE HOLDER NOR THE BENEFICIAL OWNERS OF THIS REGULATION S TEMPORARY GLOBAL NOTE SHALL BE ENTITLED TO RECEIVE PAYMENT OF INTEREST HEREON.”

 

(g)   Cancellation and/or Adjustment of Global Notes.  At such time as all beneficial interests in a particular Global Note have been exchanged for Definitive Notes or a particular Global Note has been redeemed, repurchased or canceled in whole and not in part, each such Global Note will be returned to or retained and canceled by the Trustee in accordance with Section 2.11 hereof.  At any time prior to such cancellation, if any beneficial interest in a Global Note is exchanged for or transferred to a Person who will take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in another Global Note or for Definitive Notes, the principal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note will be reduced accordingly and an endorsement will be made on such Global Note by the Trustee or by the Depositary at the direction of the Trustee to reflect such reduction; and if the beneficial interest is being exchanged for or transferred to a Person who will take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in another Global Note, such other Global Note will be increased accordingly and an endorsement will be made on such Global Note by the Trustee or by the Depositary at the direction of the Trustee to reflect such increase.

 

19







 

(h)   General Provisions Relating to Transfers and Exchanges.

 

(1)   To permit registrations of transfers and exchanges, the Company will execute and the Trustee will authenticate Global Notes and Definitive Notes upon receipt of an Authentication Order in accordance with Section 2.02 hereof or at the Registrar’s request.

 

(2)   No service charge will be made to a Holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note or to a Holder of a Definitive Note for any registration of transfer or exchange, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any transfer tax or similar governmental charge payable in connection therewith (other than any such transfer taxes or similar governmental charge payable upon exchange or transfer pursuant to Sections 2.10, 3.06 and 9.05 hereof).

 

(3)   The Registrar will not be required to register the transfer of or exchange of any Note selected for redemption in whole or in part, except the unredeemed portion of any Note being redeemed in part.

 

(4)   All Global Notes and Definitive Notes issued upon any registration of transfer or exchange of Global Notes or Definitive Notes will be the valid obligations of the Company, evidencing the same debt, and entitled to the same benefits under this Indenture, as the Global Notes or Definitive Notes surrendered upon such registration of transfer or exchange.

 

(5)   Neither the Registrar nor the Company will be required:

 

(A)   to issue, to register the transfer of or to exchange any Notes during a period beginning at the opening of business 15 days before the day of any selection of Notes for redemption under Section 3.02 hereof and ending at the close of business on the day of selection;

 

(B)   to register the transfer of or to exchange any Note selected for redemption in whole or in part, except the unredeemed portion of any Note being redeemed in part; or

 

(C)   to register the transfer of or to exchange a Note between a record date and the next succeeding interest payment date.

 

(6)   Prior to due presentment for the registration of a transfer of any Note, the Trustee, any Agent and the Company may deem and treat the Person in whose name any Note is registered as the absolute owner of such Note for the purpose of receiving payment of principal of and interest on such Notes and for all other purposes, and none of the Trustee, any Agent or the Company shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

 

(7)   The Trustee will authenticate Global Notes and Definitive Notes upon receipt of an Authentication Order in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.02 hereof.

 

(8)   All certifications, certificates and Opinions of Counsel required to be submitted to the Registrar pursuant to this Section 2.06 to effect a registration of transfer or exchange may be submitted by facsimile.

 

(9)   Each holder of a Note agrees to indemnify the Company and the Trustee against any liability that may result from the transfer, exchange or assignment of such Holder’s Note by such Holder in violation of any provision of this Indenture and/or applicable United States federal or state securities laws.

 

(10)   The Trustee shall have no obligation or duty to monitor, determine or inquire as to compliance with any restrictions on transfer imposed under this Indenture or under applicable law with respect to any transfer of any interest in any Note (including any transfers between or among Participants in any Global Note) other than to require delivery of such certificates and other documentation or evidence as are expressly required by, and to do so if and when expressly

 

20







 

required by the terms of, this Indenture, and to examine the same to determine substantial compliance as to form with the express requirements hereof.

 

(11)   Neither the Trustee nor any agent of the Trustee shall have any responsibility for any actions taken or not taken by the Depositary.

 

(12)   The Trustee shall have no responsibility or obligation to any Participant or any other Person with respect to the accuracy of the books or records, or the acts or omissions, of the Depositary or its nominee or of any participant or member thereof, with respect to any ownership interest in the Notes or with respect to the delivery to any Participant or other Person (other than the Depositary) of any notice (including any notice of redemption) or the payment of any amount, under or with respect to such Notes. All notices and communications to be given to the Holders and all payments to be made to Holders under the Notes shall be given or made only to or upon the order of the registered Holders (which shall be the Depositary or its nominee in the case of a Global Note). The rights of beneficial owners in any Global Note shall be exercised only through the Depositary subject to the customary procedures of the Depositary. The Trustee may rely and shall be fully protected in relying upon information furnished by the Depositary with respect to its Participants.

 

Section 2.07                                Replacement Notes.

 

If any mutilated Note is surrendered to the Trustee or the Company and the Trustee receives evidence to its satisfaction of the destruction, loss or theft of any Note, the Company will issue and the Trustee, upon receipt of an Authentication Order, will authenticate a replacement Note if the Trustee’s requirements are met.  If required by the Trustee or the Company, an indemnity bond must be supplied by the Holder that is sufficient in the judgment of the Trustee and the Company to protect the Company, the Trustee, any Agent and any authenticating agent from any loss that any of them may suffer if a Note is replaced.  The Company may charge for its expenses in replacing a Note.

 

Every replacement Note is an additional obligation of the Company and will be entitled to all of the benefits of this Indenture equally and proportionately with all other Notes duly issued hereunder.

 

Section 2.08                                Outstanding Notes.

 

The Notes outstanding at any time are all the Notes authenticated by the Trustee except for those canceled by it, those delivered to it for cancellation, those reductions in the interest in a Global Note effected by the Trustee in accordance with the provisions hereof, and those described in this Section 2.08 as not outstanding.  Except as set forth in Section 2.09 hereof, a Note does not cease to be outstanding because the Company or an Affiliate of the Company holds the Note.

 

If a Note is replaced pursuant to Section 2.07 hereof, it ceases to be outstanding unless the Trustee receives proof satisfactory to it that the replaced Note is held by a bona fide purchaser.

 

If the principal amount of any Note is considered paid under Section 4.01 hereof, it ceases to be outstanding and interest on it ceases to accrue.

 

If the Paying Agent (other than the Company, a Subsidiary or an Affiliate of any thereof) holds, on a redemption date or maturity date, money sufficient to pay Notes payable on that date, then on and after that date such Notes will be deemed to be no longer outstanding and will cease to accrue interest.

 

Section 2.09                                Treasury Notes.

 

In determining whether the Holders of the required principal amount of Notes have concurred in any direction, waiver or consent, Notes owned by the Company will be considered as though not outstanding, except that for the purposes of determining whether the Trustee will be protected in relying on any such direction, waiver or consent, only Notes that the Trustee knows are so owned will be so disregarded.

 

21







 

Section 2.10                                Temporary Notes.

 

Until certificates representing Notes are ready for delivery, the Company may prepare and the Trustee, upon receipt of an Authentication Order, will authenticate temporary Notes.  Temporary Notes will be substantially in the form of certificated Notes but may have variations that the Company considers appropriate for temporary Notes and as may be reasonably acceptable to the Trustee.  Without unreasonable delay, the Company will prepare and the Trustee will authenticate, upon receipt of an Authentication Order, definitive Notes in exchange for temporary Notes.

 

Holders of temporary Notes will be entitled to all of the benefits of this Indenture.

 

Section 2.11                                Cancellation.

 

The Company at any time may deliver Notes to the Trustee for cancellation.  The Registrar and Paying Agent will forward to the Trustee any Notes surrendered to them for registration of transfer, exchange or payment.  The Trustee and no one else will cancel all Notes surrendered for registration of transfer, exchange, payment, replacement or cancellation and will destroy canceled Notes (subject to the record retention requirement of the Exchange Act).  Certification of the destruction of all canceled Notes will be delivered to the Company.  The Company may not issue new Notes to replace Notes that it has paid or that have been delivered to the Trustee for cancellation.

 

Section 2.12                                Defaulted Interest.

 

If the Company defaults in a payment of interest on the Notes, it will pay the defaulted interest in any lawful manner plus, to the extent lawful, interest payable on the defaulted interest, to the Persons who are Holders on a subsequent special record date, in each case at the rate provided in the Notes and in Section 4.01 hereof.  The Company will notify the Trustee in writing of the amount of defaulted interest proposed to be paid on each Note and the date of the proposed payment.  The Company will fix or cause to be fixed each such special record date and payment date; provided that no such special record date may be less than 10 days prior to the related payment date for such defaulted interest.  At least 15 days before the special record date, the Company (or, upon the written request of the Company, the Trustee in the name and at the expense of the Company) will mail or cause to be mailed to Holders a notice that states the special record date, the related payment date and the amount of such defaulted interest to be paid.

 

Section 2.13                                CUSIP Numbers.

 

The Company, in issuing the Notes, may use one or more “CUSIP” numbers (and, if Notes are also to be issued outside the United States, one or more similar identifying numbers as is customary in such global markets; references in this Section 2.13 to CUSIP numbers being deemed to include an such similar identifying numbers) and, if so, the Trustee shall use such CUSIP number in notices of repurchase or conversion as a convenience to the Holders; provided, however, that any such notice may state that no representation is made as to the correctness or accuracy of any CUSIP number printed in the notice or on the Notes, and that reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed on the Notes.  Any repurchase or conversion will not be affected by any defect in or the omission of such CUSIP numbers.  The Company will promptly notify the Trustee in writing of any change to the CUSIP numbers.

 

ARTICLE 3

REDEMPTION AND PREPAYMENT

 

Section 3.01                                Notices to Trustee.

 

If the Company elects to redeem Notes pursuant to the optional redemption provisions of Section 3.07 hereof, it must furnish to the Trustee, at least 30 days but not more than 60 days before a redemption date, an Officers’ Certificate setting forth:

 

(1)   the clause of this Indenture pursuant to which the redemption shall occur;

 

22







 

(2)   the redemption date;

 

(3)   the principal amount of Notes to be redeemed; and

 

(4)   the redemption price.

 

Section 3.02                                Selection of Notes to Be Redeemed or Purchased.

 

If less than all of the Notes are to be redeemed or purchased in an offer to purchase at any time, the Trustee will select Notes for redemption or purchase in such manner as the Trustee shall deem reasonable.

 

In the event of partial redemption or purchase by lot, the particular Notes to be redeemed or purchased will be selected, unless otherwise provided herein, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days prior to the redemption or purchase date by the Trustee from the outstanding Notes not previously called for redemption or purchase.

 

The Trustee will promptly notify the Company in writing of the Notes selected for redemption or purchase and, in the case of any Note selected for partial redemption or purchase, the principal amount thereof to be redeemed or purchased.  Notes and portions of Notes selected will be in amounts of $1,000 or whole multiples of $1,000; except that if all of the Notes of a Holder are to be redeemed or purchased, the entire outstanding amount of Notes held by such Holder, even if not a multiple of $1,000, shall be redeemed or purchased.  Except as provided in the preceding sentence, provisions of this Indenture that apply to Notes called for redemption or purchase also apply to portions of Notes called for redemption or purchase.

 

Section 3.03                                Notice of Redemption.

 

At least 30 days but not more than 60 days before a redemption date, the Company will mail or cause to be mailed, by first class mail, a notice of redemption to each Holder whose Notes are to be redeemed at its registered address, except that redemption notices may be mailed more than 60 days prior to a redemption date if the notice is issued in connection with a defeasance of the Notes or a satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture pursuant to Articles 8 or 10 hereof.

 

The notice will identify the Notes to be redeemed and will state:

 

(1)   the redemption date;

 

(2)   the redemption price;

 

(3)   if any Note is being redeemed in part, the portion of the principal amount of such Note to be redeemed and that, after the redemption date upon surrender of such Note, a new Note or Notes in principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion will be issued upon cancellation of the original Note;

 

(4)   the name and address of the Paying Agent;

 

(5)   that Notes called for redemption must be surrendered to the Paying Agent to collect the redemption price;

 

(6)   that, unless the Company defaults in making such redemption payment, interest on Notes called for redemption ceases to accrue on and after the redemption date;

 

(7)   the paragraph of the Notes and/or Section of this Indenture pursuant to which the Notes called for redemption are being redeemed; and

 

(8)   that no representation is made as to the correctness or accuracy of the CUSIP number, if any, listed in such notice or printed on the Notes.

 

23





 

At the Company’s request, the Trustee will give the notice of redemption in the Company’s name and at the Company’s expense; provided, however, that the Company has delivered to the Trustee, at least 45 days prior to the redemption date, an Officers’ Certificate requesting that the Trustee give such notice and setting forth the information to be stated in such notice as provided in the preceding paragraph.

 

Section 3.04                                Effect of Notice of Redemption.

 

Once notice of redemption is mailed in accordance with Section 3.03 hereof, Notes called for redemption become irrevocably due and payable on the redemption date at the redemption price.  A notice of redemption may not be conditional.

 

Section 3.05                                Deposit of Redemption or Purchase Price.

 

One Business Day prior to the redemption or purchase date, the Company will deposit with the Trustee or with the Paying Agent money in same day funds sufficient to pay the redemption or purchase price of and accrued interest on all Notes to be redeemed or purchased on that date.  The Trustee or the Paying Agent will promptly return to the Company any money deposited with the Trustee or the Paying Agent by the Company in excess of the amounts necessary to pay the redemption or purchase price of, and accrued interest on, all Notes to be redeemed or purchased.

 

If the Company complies with the provisions of the preceding paragraph, on and after the redemption or purchase date, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or the portions of Notes called for redemption or purchase.  If a Note is redeemed or purchased on or after an interest record date but on or prior to the related interest payment date, then any accrued and unpaid interest shall be paid to the Person in whose name such Note was registered at the close of business on such record date.  If any Note called for redemption or purchase is not so paid upon surrender for redemption or purchase because of the failure of the Company to comply with the preceding paragraph, interest shall be paid on the unpaid principal, from the redemption or purchase date until such principal is paid, and to the extent lawful on any interest not paid on such unpaid principal, in each case at the rate provided in the Notes and in Section 4.01 hereof.

 

Section 3.06                                Notes Redeemed or Purchased in Part.

 

Upon surrender of a Note that is redeemed or purchased in part, the Company will issue and, upon receipt of an Authentication Order, the Trustee will authenticate for the Holder at the expense of the Company a new Note equal in principal amount to the unredeemed or unpurchased portion of the Note surrendered.

 

Section 3.07                                Optional Redemption.

 

(a)   On or after , 20 , the Company may redeem all or a part of the Notes upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice, at the redemption prices (expressed as percentages of principal amount) set forth below plus accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes redeemed to the applicable redemption date, if redeemed during the twelve-month period beginning on of the years indicated below, subject to the rights of Holders on the relevant record date to receive interest on the relevant interest payment date:

 

 

Year

 

Percentage

 

 

20

 

 

%

 

20

 

 

%

 

20

 

 

%

 

20         and thereafter

 

 

 

 

Unless the Company defaults in the payment of the redemption price, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or portions thereof called for redemption on the applicable redemption date.

 

(b)   Any redemption pursuant to this Section 3.07 shall be made pursuant to the provisions of Sections 3.01 through 3.06 hereof.

 

24







 

Section 3.08   Mandatory Redemption.

 

The Company is not required to make mandatory redemption or sinking fund payments with respect to the Notes.

 

ARTICLE 4

COVENANTS

 

Section 4.01                                Payment of Notes.

 

The Company will pay or cause to be paid the principal of, premium, if any, and interest on, the Notes on the dates and in the manner provided in the Notes.  Principal, premium, if any, and interest will be considered paid on the date due if the Paying Agent, if other than the Company or a Subsidiary thereof, holds as of 10:00 a.m. Eastern Time on the due date money deposited by the Company in immediately available funds and designated for and sufficient to pay all principal, premium, if any, and interest then due.

 

The Company will pay interest (including post-petition interest in any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law) on overdue principal at the rate equal to 1% per annum in excess of the then applicable interest rate on the Notes to the extent lawful; it will pay interest (including post-petition interest in any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law) on overdue installments of interest (without regard to any applicable grace period) at the same rate to the extent lawful.

 

Section 4.02                                Maintenance of Office or Agency.

 

The Company will maintain in                            ,                               , an office or agency (which may be an office of the Trustee or an affiliate of the Trustee, Registrar or co-registrar) where Notes may be surrendered for registration of transfer or for exchange and where notices and demands to or upon the Company in respect of the Notes and this Indenture may be served.  The Company will give prompt written notice to the Trustee of the location, and any change in the location, of such office or agency.  If at any time the Company fails to maintain any such required office or agency or fails to furnish the Trustee with the address thereof, such presentations, surrenders, notices and demands may be made or served at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee.

 

The Company may also from time to time designate one or more other offices or agencies where the Notes may be presented or surrendered for any or all such purposes and may from time to time rescind such designations; provided, however, that no such designation or rescission will in any manner relieve the Company of its obligation to maintain an office or agency in                           ,                               , for such purposes The Company will give prompt written notice to the Trustee of any such designation or rescission and of any change in the location of any such other office or agency.

 

The Company hereby designates the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee as one such office or agency of the Company in accordance with Section 2.03 hereof.

 

Section 4.03                                Compliance Certificate.

 

(a)   The Company shall deliver to the Trustee, within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year, an Officers’ Certificate stating that a review of the activities of the Company and its Subsidiaries during the preceding fiscal year has been made under the supervision of the signing Officers with a view to determining whether the Company has kept, observed, performed and fulfilled its obligations under this Indenture, and further stating, as to each such Officer signing such certificate, that to the best of his or her knowledge the Company has kept, observed, performed and fulfilled each and every covenant contained in this Indenture and is not in default in the performance or observance of any of the terms, provisions and conditions of this Indenture (or, if a Default or Event of Default has occurred, describing all such Defaults or Events of Default of which he or she may have knowledge and what action the Company is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto) and that to the best of his or her knowledge no event has occurred and remains in existence by reason of which payments on account of the principal of or interest, if any, on the Notes is prohibited or if such event has occurred, a description of the event and what action the Company is taking

 

25







 

or proposes to take with respect thereto.  The Company shall provide prompt written notice to the Trustee of any change to the fiscal year, which as of the date hereof ends on [            ].

 

(b)   So long as any of the Notes are outstanding, the Company will deliver to the Trustee, forthwith upon any Officer becoming aware of any Default or Event of Default, an Officers’ Certificate specifying such Default or Event of Default and what action the Company is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto.

 

Section 4.04                                Limitation on Liens.

 

The Company shall not, and shall not permit any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly, incur or permit to exist any Lien of any nature whatsoever on any of its property or assets whether now owned or hereinafter acquired securing any Indebtedness, other than Permitted Liens, without effectively providing that the Notes shall be secured equally and ratably with (or prior to) the obligations so secured for so long as such obligations are secured.

 

Section 4.05                                Limitation on Sale/Leaseback Transactions.

 

The Company shall not, and shall not permit any Subsidiary to, enter into any Sale/Leaseback Transaction with respect to any property unless:

 

(1)   the Company or such Subsidiary would be entitled to create a Lien on such property securing any Indebtedness incurred pursuant to such Sale/Leaseback Transaction without equally and ratably securing the Notes pursuant to Section 4.04; and

 

(2)   the gross proceeds payable to the Company or such Subsidiary in connection with such Sale/Leaseback Transaction are at least equal to the Fair Market Value of such property.

 

Section 4.06                                SEC Reports.

 

The Company shall file with the Trustee, within 15 days after the Company has filed same with the SEC, copies of the annual reports and of the other information, documents and other reports which the Company may be required to file with the SEC pursuant to the provisions of Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act (or copies of such portions of any of the foregoing as the SEC may by rules and regulations prescribe).  In addition, the Company shall furnish to the Trustee, promptly upon their becoming available, copies of the annual report to stockholders and any other information provided by the Company to its stockholders generally. The Company shall also comply with the other provisions of Section 314(a) of the TIA.

 

Section 4.07                                Notice of Default.

 

Upon any officer of the Company becoming aware of the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default, the Company shall give prompt notice of such Default or Event of Default, and any remedial action proposed to be taken, to the Trustee.

 

ARTICLE 5

SUCCESSORS

 

Section 5.01                                Merger, Consolidation, or Sale of Assets

 

The Company shall not, directly or indirectly: (i) consolidate or merge with or into another Person (whether or not the Company is the surviving corporation); or (ii) sell, assign, transfer, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the properties or assets of the Company in one or more related transactions, to another Person, unless:

 

(1)   either:

 

(A)   the Company is the surviving corporation; or

 

26







 

(B)   the Person formed by or surviving any such consolidation or merger (if other than the Company) or to which such sale, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition has been made is a corporation organized or existing under the laws of the United States, any state of the United States or the District of Columbia;

 

(2)   the Person formed by or surviving any such consolidation or merger (if other than the Company) or the Person to which such sale, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition has been made assumes all the obligations of the Company under the Notes or this Indenture pursuant to agreements reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee; and

 

(3)   immediately after such transaction, no Default or Event of Default exists.

 

This Section 5.01 will not apply to:

 

(1)   a merger of the Company with an Affiliate solely for the purpose of reincorporating the Company in another jurisdiction; or

 

(2)   any consolidation or merger, or any sale, assignment, transfer, conveyance, lease or other disposition of assets between or among the Company and its Subsidiaries.

 

Section 5.02                                Successor Corporation Substituted

 

Upon any consolidation or merger, or any sale, assignment, transfer, lease, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of the properties or assets of the Company in a transaction that is subject to, and that complies with the provisions of, Section 5.01 hereof, the successor Person formed by such consolidation or into or with which the Company is merged or to which such sale, assignment, transfer, lease, conveyance or other disposition is made shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such consolidation, merger, sale, assignment, transfer, lease, conveyance or other disposition, the provisions of this Indenture referring to the “Company” shall refer instead to the successor Person and not to the Company), and may exercise every right and power of the Company under this Indenture with the same effect as if such successor Person had been named as the Company herein; provided, however, that the predecessor Company shall not be relieved from the obligation to pay the principal of and interest on the Notes except in the case of a sale of all of the Company’s assets in a transaction that is subject to, and that complies with the provisions of, Section 5.01 hereof.

 

ARTICLE 6

DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES

 

Section 6.01                                Events of Default.

 

Each of the following is an “Event of Default”:

 

(1)   default for 30 days in the payment when due of interest on the Notes;

 

(2)   default in the payment when due (at maturity, upon redemption or otherwise) of the principal of, or premium, if any, on, the Notes;

 

(3)   failure by the Company to comply with the provisions of Section 5.01 hereof;

 

(4)   failure by the Company for 60 days after notice to the Company by the Trustee or the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding voting as a single class to comply with any of the other agreements in this Indenture;

 

(5)   default under any mortgage, indenture or instrument under which there may be issued or by which there may be secured or evidenced any Indebtedness for money borrowed by the Company (or the payment of which is guaranteed by the Company), whether such Indebtedness now exists, or is created after the date of this Indenture, if that default:

 

27







 

(A)   is caused by a failure to pay principal of, or interest or premium, if any, on, such Indebtedness prior to the expiration of the grace period provided in such Indebtedness on the date of such default (a “Payment Default”); or

 

(B)   results in the acceleration of such Indebtedness prior to its express maturity,

 

and, in each case, the principal amount of any such Indebtedness, together with the principal amount of any other such Indebtedness under which there has been a Payment Default or the maturity of which has been so accelerated, aggregates $                   million or more;

 

(6)   failure by the Company to pay final judgments entered by a court or courts of competent jurisdiction aggregating in excess of $                   million, which judgments are not paid, discharged or stayed for a period of 60 days

 

(7)   the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that is a Significant Subsidiary or any group of Subsidiaries of the Company that, taken together, would constitute a Significant Subsidiary pursuant to or within the meaning of Bankruptcy Law:

 

(A)   commences a voluntary case,

 

(B)   consents to the entry of an order for relief against it in an involuntary case,

 

(C)   consents to the appointment of a custodian of it or for all or substantially all of its property,

 

(D)   makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors, or

 

(E)   generally is not paying its debts as they become due; or

 

(8)   a court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any Bankruptcy Law that:

 

(A)   is for relief against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that is a Significant Subsidiary or any group of Subsidiaries of the Company that, taken together, would constitute a Significant Subsidiary in an involuntary case;

 

(B)   appoints a custodian of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that is a Significant Subsidiary or any group of Subsidiaries of the Company that, taken together, would constitute a Significant Subsidiary or for all or substantially all of the property of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that is a Significant Subsidiary or any group of Subsidiaries of the Company that, taken together, would constitute a Significant Subsidiary; or

 

(C)   orders the liquidation of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that is a Significant Subsidiary or any group of Subsidiaries of the Company that, taken together, would constitute a Significant Subsidiary;

 

and the order or decree remains unstayed and in effect for 90 consecutive days.

 

Section 6.02                                Acceleration.

 

In the case of an Event of Default specified in clause (7) or (8) of Section 6.01 hereof, with respect to the Company, any Subsidiary of the Company that is a Significant Subsidiary or any group of Subsidiaries of the Company that, taken together, would constitute a Significant Subsidiary, all outstanding Notes will become due and payable immediately without further action or notice.  If any other Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the

 

28







 

Trustee or the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes may declare all the Notes to be due and payable immediately.

 

Upon any such declaration, the Notes shall become due and payable immediately.

 

The Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes by written notice to the Trustee may, on behalf of all of the Holders, rescind an acceleration and its consequences, if the rescission would not conflict with any judgment or decree and if all existing Events of Default (except nonpayment of principal, interest or premium, if any, that has become due solely because of the acceleration) have been cured or waived.

 

If an Event of Default occurs on or after                   , 20       by reason of any willful action (or inaction) taken (or not taken) by or on behalf of the Company with the intention of avoiding payment of the premium that the Company would have had to pay if the Company then had elected to redeem the Notes pursuant to Section 3.07 hereof, then, upon acceleration of the Notes, an equivalent premium shall also become and be immediately due and payable, to the extent permitted by law, anything in this Indenture or in the Notes to the contrary notwithstanding.  If an Event of Default occurs prior to                   , 20       by reason of any willful action (or inaction) taken (or not taken) by or on behalf of the Company with the intention of avoiding the prohibition on redemption of the Notes prior to such date, then, upon acceleration of the Notes, an additional premium shall also become and be immediately due and payable, to the extent permitted by law, in an amount, for each of the years beginning on of the years set forth below, as set forth below (expressed as a percentage of the principal amount of the Notes on the date of payment that would otherwise be due but for the provisions of this sentence):

 

 

Year

 

Percentage

 

 

20

 

 

%

 

20

 

 

%

 

20

 

 

%

 

20

 

 

 

 

20

 

 

%

 

Section 6.03                                Other Remedies

 

If an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Trustee may pursue any available remedy to collect the payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest on the Notes or to enforce the performance of any provision of the Notes or this Indenture.

 

The Trustee may maintain a proceeding even if it does not possess any of the Notes or does not produce any of them in the proceeding.  A delay or omission by the Trustee or any Holder of a Note in exercising any right or remedy accruing upon an Event of Default shall not impair the right or remedy or constitute a waiver of or acquiescence in the Event of Default. All remedies are cumulative to the extent permitted by law.

 

Section 6.04                                Waiver of Past Defaults.

 

Holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes by written notice to the Trustee may on behalf of the Holders of all of the Notes waive an existing Default or Event of Default and its consequences hereunder, except a continuing Default or Event of Default in the payment of the principal of, premium, if any, or interest on, the Notes (including in connection with an offer to purchase); provided, however, that the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes may rescind an acceleration and its consequences, including any related payment default that resulted from such acceleration in accordance with Section 6.02.  Upon any such waiver, such Default shall cease to exist, and any Event of Default arising therefrom shall be deemed to have been cured for every purpose of this Indenture; but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or impair any right consequent thereon.

 

29







 

Section 6.05                                Control by Majority

 

Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes may direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for exercising any remedy available to the Trustee or exercising any trust or power conferred on it.  However, the Trustee may refuse to follow any direction that conflicts with law or this Indenture that the Trustee determines may be unduly prejudicial to the rights of other Holders of Notes or that may involve the Trustee in personal liability unless the Trustee is offered indemnity satisfactory to it.

 

Section 6.06                                Limitation on Suits

 

A Holder may pursue a remedy with respect to this Indenture or the Notes only if:

 

(1)   such Holder gives to the Trustee written notice that an Event of Default is continuing;

 

(2)   Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes make a written request to the Trustee to pursue the remedy;

 

(3)   such Holder or Holders offer and, if requested, provide to the Trustee security or indemnity satisfactory to the Trustee against any loss, liability or expense;

 

(4)   the Trustee does not comply with the request within 60 days after receipt of the request and the offer of security or indemnity; and

 

(5)   during such 60-day period, Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes do not give the Trustee a direction inconsistent with such request.

 

A Holder of a Note may not use this Indenture to prejudice the rights of another Holder of a Note or to obtain a preference or priority over another Holder of a Note.

 

Section 6.07                                Rights of Holders of Notes to Receive Payment

 

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Indenture, the right of any Holder of a Note to receive payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest on the Note, on or after the respective due dates expressed in the Note (including in connection with an offer to purchase), or to bring suit for the enforcement of any such payment on or after such respective dates, shall not be impaired or affected without the consent of such Holder.

 

Section 6.08                                Collection Suit by Trustee

 

If an Event of Default specified in Section 6.01(1) or (2) hereof occurs and is continuing, the Trustee is authorized to recover judgment in its own name and as trustee of an express trust against the Company for the whole amount of principal of, premium, if any, and interest remaining unpaid on, the Notes and interest on overdue principal and, to the extent lawful, interest and such further amount as shall be sufficient to cover the costs and expenses of collection, including the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel.

 

Section 6.09                                Trustee May File Proofs of Claim

 

The Trustee is authorized to file such proofs of claim and other papers or documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Trustee (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel) and the Holders of the Notes allowed in any judicial proceedings relative to the Company (or any other obligor upon the Notes), its creditors or its property and shall be entitled and empowered to collect, receive and distribute any money or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and any custodian in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Holder to make such payments to the Trustee, and in the event that the Trustee shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Holders, to pay to the Trustee any amount due to it for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Trustee under Section 7.07 hereof.  To the extent that the payment of any such compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Trustee under Section 7.07 hereof

 

30







 

out of the estate in any such proceeding, shall be denied for any reason, payment of the same shall be secured by a Lien on, and shall be paid out of, any and all distributions, dividends, money, securities and other properties that the Holders may be entitled to receive in such proceeding whether in liquidation or under any plan of reorganization or arrangement or otherwise.  Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to authorize the Trustee to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Holder any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Notes or the rights of any Holder, or to authorize the Trustee to vote in respect of the claim of any Holder in any such proceeding.

 

Section 6.10                                Priorities

 

If the Trustee collects any money pursuant to this Article 6, it shall pay out the money in the following order:

 

First: to the Trustee, its agents, attorneys and other professional advisers for amounts due under Section 7.07 hereof, including payment of all compensation, expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorney’s, agents’ and advisers’ fees and expenses) and liabilities incurred, and all advances made, by the Trustee and the costs and expenses of collection;

 

Second: to Holders of Notes for amounts due and unpaid on the Notes for principal, premium, if any, and interest, ratably, without preference or priority of any kind, according to the amounts due and payable on the Notes for principal, premium, if any, and interest, respectively; and

 

Third: to the Company or to such party as a court of competent jurisdiction shall direct.

 

The Trustee may fix a record date and payment date for any payment to Holders of Notes pursuant to this Section 6.10.

 

Section 6.11                                Undertaking for Costs

 

In any suit for the enforcement of any right or remedy under this Indenture or in any suit against the Trustee for any action taken or omitted by it as a Trustee, a court in its discretion may require the filing by any party litigant in the suit of an undertaking to pay the costs of the suit, and the court in its discretion may assess reasonable costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses, against any party litigant in the suit, having due regard to the merits and good faith of the claims or defenses made by the party litigant.  This Section 6.11 does not apply to a suit by the Trustee, a suit by a Holder of a Note pursuant to Section 6.07 hereof, or a suit by Holders of more than 10% in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes.

 

ARTICLE 7

TRUSTEE

 

Section 7.01                                Duties of Trustee

 

(a)   If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Trustee will exercise such of the rights and powers vested in it by this Indenture, and use the same degree of care and skill in its exercise, as a prudent person would exercise or use under the circumstances in the conduct of such person’s own affairs.

 

(b)   Except during the continuance of an Event of Default:

 

(1)   the duties of the Trustee will be determined solely by the express provisions of this Indenture and the Trustee need perform only those duties that are specifically set forth in this Indenture and no others, and no implied covenants or obligations shall be read into this Indenture against the Trustee; and

 

(2)   in the absence of bad faith on its part, the Trustee may conclusively rely, as to the truth of the statements and the correctness of the opinions expressed therein, upon certificates or opinions furnished to the Trustee and conforming to the requirements of this Indenture.  However, the

 

31







 

Trustee will examine the certificates and opinions to determine whether or not they conform to the requirements of this Indenture (but need not confirm or investigate the accuracy of mathematical calculations or other facts stated therein).

 

(c)   The Trustee may not be relieved from liabilities for its own negligent action, its own negligent failure to act, or its own willful misconduct, except that:

 

(1)   this paragraph does not limit the effect of paragraph (b) of this Section 7.01;

 

(2)   the Trustee will not be liable for any error of judgment made in good faith by a Responsible Officer, unless it is determined in a final decision by a court of competent jurisdiction that the Trustee was negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts; and

 

(3)   the Trustee will not be liable with respect to any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in accordance with a direction received by it pursuant to Section 6.05 hereof.

 

(d)   Whether or not therein expressly so provided, every provision of this Indenture that in any way relates to the Trustee is subject to paragraphs (a), (b), and (c) of this Section 7.01.

 

(e)   No provision of this Indenture will require the Trustee to expend or risk its own funds or incur any liability.

 

(f)   The Trustee will not be liable for interest on any money received by it except as the Trustee may agree in writing with the Company.  Money held in trust by the Trustee need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law.

 

(g)   In no event shall the Trustee be responsible or liable for special, indirect or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever (including, without limitation, loss of profit) irrespective of whether the Trustee has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action.

 

(h)   Any permissive right or authority granted to the Trustee shall not be construed as a mandatory duty.

 

Section 7.02                                Rights of Trustee

 

(a)   The Trustee may conclusively rely upon any document (including any statement made or deemed to be made therein) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper Person.  The Trustee need not investigate any fact or matter stated in the document.

 

(b)   Before the Trustee acts or refrains from acting, it may require an Officers’ Certificate or an Opinion of Counsel or both.  The Trustee will not be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in reliance on such Officers’ Certificate or Opinion of Counsel.  The Trustee may consult with counsel and the written advice of such counsel or any Opinion of Counsel will be full and complete authorization and protection from liability in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted by it hereunder in good faith and in reliance thereon.  No such Officers’ Certificate or Opinion of Counsel shall be at the expense of the Trustee.

 

(c)   The Trustee may act through its attorneys and agents and will not be responsible for the misconduct or negligence of any agent appointed with due care.

 

(d)   The Trustee will not be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith that it believes to be authorized or within the rights or powers conferred upon it by this Indenture.

 

(e)   Unless otherwise specifically provided in this Indenture, any demand, request, direction or notice from the Company will be sufficient if signed by an Officer of the Company.

 

32







 

(f)   The Trustee will be under no obligation to exercise any of the rights or powers vested in it by this Indenture at the request or direction of any of the Holders unless such Holders have offered to the Trustee indemnity or security against the losses, liabilities and expenses that might be incurred by it in compliance with such request or direction.

 

(g)   The Trustee shall have no duty to inquire as to the performance of the Company with respect to the covenants contained in Article IV hereof, except as otherwise provided in Article IV.  The Trustee shall not be deemed to have knowledge of a Default or Event of Default except (i) any Default or Event of Default occurring pursuant to Sections 6.01(1) or 6.01(2) or (ii) any Default or Event of Default of which a Responsible Officer of the trustee shall have received written notification from a Holder or the Company of the circumstances constituting the same and stating so in such written notifications, or obtained actual knowledge.  Except as otherwise provided herein, the Trustee may, in the absence of such actual knowledge or receipt of such written notification, conclusively assume that there is no Default or Event of Default.  Delivery of reports, information and documents to the Trustee under Section 4.06 hereof is for information purposes only and the receipt by the Trustee of the foregoing shall not constitute constructive notice of any information contained therein or determinable from information contained therein, including the Company’s compliance with any of its covenants hereunder, as to which the Trustee is entitled to rely on Officers’ Certificates.

 

(h)   The rights, privileges, protections, immunities and benefits given to the Trustee, including without limitation, its right to be indemnified, are extended to, and shall be enforceable by, the Trustee in each of its capacities hereunder, and each agent, custodian and other person employed to act thereunder.

 

(i)   The Trustee shall not be required to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur financial liability for performance of any of its duties hereunder or the exercise of any of its rights or powers if there is reasonable ground for believing that the repayment of such funds or adequate indemnify against such risk or liability is not assured to it.

 

(j)   Unless otherwise required by applicable law, the Trustee shall not have any duty (1) to see to any recording, filing or depositing of this Indenture or any Indenture referred to herein, or see to the maintenance of any such recording or filing or depositing or to any rerecording, refiling or redepositing of any thereof or (ii) to see to any insurance.

 

(k)   Unless otherwise required by applicable law, the Trustee shall not be required to give any bond or surety in respect of the execution of the powers granted hereunder.

 

Section 7.03                                Individual Rights of Trustee

 

The Trustee in its individual or any other capacity may become the owner or pledgee of Notes and may otherwise deal with the Company or any Affiliate of the Company with the same rights it would have if it were not Trustee.  However, in the event that the Trustee acquires any conflicting interest it must eliminate such conflict within 90 days, apply to the SEC for permission to continue as trustee (if this Indenture has been qualified under the TIA) or resign.  Any Agent may do the same with like rights and duties.  The Trustee is also subject to Sections 7.10 and 7.11 hereof.

 

Section 7.04                                Trustee’s Disclaimer

 

The Trustee will not be responsible for and makes no representation as to the validity or adequacy of this Indenture or the Notes, it shall not be accountable for the Company’s use of the proceeds from the Notes or any money paid to the Company or upon the Company’s direction under any provision of this Indenture, it will not be responsible for the use or application of any money received by any Paying Agent other than the Trustee, it will not be responsible for any statement or recital herein or any statement in the Notes or any other document in connection with the sale of the Notes or pursuant to this Indenture other than its certificate of authentication and it makes no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, and will not be responsible or liable with respect to the accuracy or completeness of the information included or incorporated by reference in the offering memorandum or any other information supplied in connection with the Notes.

 

33





 

Section 7.05                                Notice of Defaults

 

If a Default or Event of Default occurs and is continuing as to which the Trustee has received notice pursuant to the provisions of this Indenture, or as to which a Responsible Officer of the Trustee shall have actual knowledge, then the Trustee will mail to Holders of Notes a notice of the Default or Event of Default within 90 days after receipt of such notice or after acquiring such knowledge, as applicable, unless such Default or Event of Default has been cured or waived.  Except in the case of a Default or Event of Default in payment of principal of, premium, if any, or interest on, any Note, the Trustee may withhold the notice if and so long as the Trustee’s Board of Directors or a committee of the Trustee’s Responsible Officers in good faith determines that withholding the notice is in the interests of the Holders of the Notes.

 

Section 7.06                                Reports by Trustee to Holders of the Notes

 

(a)   Within 60 days after each May 15 beginning with the May 15 following the date of this Indenture, and for so long as Notes remain outstanding, the Trustee will mail to the Holders of the Notes a brief report dated as of such reporting date that complies with TIA § 313(a) (but if no event described in TIA § 313(a) has occurred within the twelve months preceding the reporting date, no report need be transmitted).  The Trustee also will comply with TIA § 313(b)(2).  The Trustee will also transmit by mail all reports as required by TIA § 313(c).

 

(b)   A copy of each report at the time of its mailing to the Holders of Notes will be mailed by the Trustee to the Company and filed by the Trustee with the SEC and each stock exchange on which the Notes are listed in accordance with TIA § 313(d).  The Company will promptly notify the Trustee in writing when the Notes are listed on any stock exchange.

 

Section 7.07                                Compensation and Indemnity

 

(a)   The Company will pay to the Trustee from time to time such compensation for its acceptance of this Indenture and services hereunder as shall be agreed upon in writing.  The Trustee’s compensation will not be limited by any law on compensation of a trustee of an express trust.  The Company will reimburse the Trustee promptly upon request for all reasonable disbursements, advances and expenses incurred or made by it in addition to the compensation for its services.  Such expenses will include the reasonable compensation, disbursements and expenses of the Trustee’s agents and counsel.

 

(b)   The Company will indemnify and hold harmless the Trustee against any and all losses, liabilities or expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’, agents’ and advisers’ fees and expenses) incurred by it arising out of or in connection with the acceptance or administration of its duties under this Indenture, including the costs and expenses of enforcing this Indenture against the Company (including this Section 7.07) and defending itself against any claim (whether asserted by the Company, any Holder or any other Person) or liability in connection with the exercise or performance of any of its powers or duties hereunder, except to the extent any such loss, liability or expense may be attributable to its negligence or bad faith as determined in a final decision by a court of competent jurisdiction.  The Trustee will notify the Company promptly of any claim for which it may seek indemnity.  Failure by the Trustee to so notify the Company will not relieve the Company of its obligations hereunder.  The Company will defend the claim and the Trustee will cooperate in the defense.  The Trustee may have separate counsel and the Company will pay the reasonable fees and expenses of such counsel.  The Company shall not be obligated to pay for any settlement made without its consent, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld.

 

(c)   The obligations of the Company under this Section 7.07 will survive the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture and removal or resignation of the Trustee.

 

(d)   To secure the Company’s payment obligations in this Section 7.07, the Trustee will have a Lien prior to the Notes on all money or property held or collected by the Trustee, except that held in trust to pay principal and interest on particular Notes.  Such Lien will survive the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture and removal or resignation of the Trustee.

 

34







 

(e)   When the Trustee incurs expenses or renders services after an Event of Default specified in Section 6.01(7) or (8) hereof occurs, the expenses and the compensation for the services (including the fees and expenses of its agents and counsel) are intended to constitute expenses of administration under any Bankruptcy Law.

 

(f)   The Trustee will comply with the provisions of TIA § 313(b)(2) to the extent applicable.

 

Section 7.08                                Replacement of Trustee

 

(a)   A resignation or removal of the Trustee and appointment of a successor Trustee will become effective only upon the successor Trustee’s acceptance of appointment as provided in this Section 7.08.

 

(b)   The Trustee may resign in writing at any time and be discharged from the trust hereby created by so notifying the Company.  The Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes may remove the Trustee by so notifying the Trustee and the Company in writing.  The Company may remove the Trustee if:

 

(1)   the Trustee fails to comply with Section 7.10 hereof;

 

(2)   the Trustee is adjudged a bankrupt or an insolvent or an order for relief is entered with respect to the Trustee under any Bankruptcy Law;

 

(3)   a custodian or public officer takes charge of the Trustee or its property; or

 

(4)   the Trustee becomes incapable of acting.

 

(c)   If the Trustee resigns or is removed or if a vacancy exists in the office of Trustee for any reason, the Company will promptly appoint a successor Trustee. Within one year after the successor Trustee takes office, the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes may appoint a successor Trustee to replace the successor Trustee appointed by the Company.

 

(d)   If a successor Trustee does not take office within 60 days after the retiring Trustee resigns or is removed, the retiring Trustee, the Company, or the Holders of at least 10% in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Trustee.

 

(e)   If the Trustee, after written request by any Holder who has been a Holder for at least six months, fails to comply with Section 7.10 hereof, such Holder may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the removal of the Trustee and the appointment of a successor Trustee.

 

(f)   A successor Trustee will deliver a written acceptance of its appointment to the retiring Trustee and to the Company. Thereupon, the resignation or removal of the retiring Trustee will become effective, and the successor Trustee will have all the rights, powers and duties of the Trustee under this Indenture.  The successor Trustee will mail a notice of its succession to Holders.  The retiring Trustee will promptly transfer all property held by it as Trustee to the successor Trustee; provided all sums owing to the Trustee hereunder have been paid and subject to the Lien provided for in Section 7.07 hereof.  Notwithstanding replacement of the Trustee pursuant to this Section 7.08, the Company’s obligations under Section 7.07 hereof will continue for the benefit of the retiring Trustee.

 

Section 7.09                                Successor Trustee by Merger, etc.

 

If the Trustee consolidates, merges or converts into, or transfers all or substantially all of its corporate trust business to, another corporation, the successor corporation without any further act will be the successor Trustee.

 

35







 

Section 7.10                                Eligibility; Disqualification

 

There will at all times be a Trustee hereunder that is a corporation organized and doing business under the laws of the United States of America or of any state thereof that is authorized under such laws to exercise corporate trustee power, that is subject to supervision or examination by federal or state authorities and that has a combined capital and surplus of at least $100.0 million as set forth in its most recent published annual report of condition.

 

This Indenture will always have a Trustee who satisfies the requirements of TIA § 310(a)(1), (2) and (5).  The Trustee is subject to TIA § 310(b).

 

Section 7.11                                Preferential Collection of Claims Against Company

 

The Trustee is subject to TIA § 311(a), excluding any creditor relationship listed in TIA § 311(b). A Trustee who has resigned or been removed shall be subject to TIA § 311(a) to the extent indicated therein.

 

ARTICLE 8

LEGAL DEFEASANCE AND COVENANT DEFEASANCE

 

Section 8.01                                Option to Effect Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance

 

The Company may at any time, at the option of its Board of Directors evidenced by a resolution set forth in an Officers’ Certificate, elect to have either Section 8.02 or 8.03 hereof be applied to all outstanding Notes upon compliance with the conditions set forth below in this Article 8.

 

Section 8.02                                Legal Defeasance and Discharge

 

Upon the Company’s exercise under Section 8.01 hereof of the option applicable to this Section 8.02, the Company will, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 8.04 hereof, be deemed to have been discharged from its obligations with respect to all outstanding Notes on the date the conditions set forth below are satisfied (hereinafter, “Legal Defeasance”).  For this purpose, Legal Defeasance means that the Company will be deemed to have paid and discharged the entire Indebtedness represented by the outstanding Notes, which will thereafter be deemed to be “outstanding” only for the purposes of Section 8.05 hereof and the other Sections of this Indenture referred to in clauses (1) and (2) below, and to have satisfied all their other obligations under such Notes and this Indenture (and the Trustee, on demand of and at the expense of the Company, shall execute proper instruments acknowledging the same), except for the following provisions which will survive until otherwise terminated or discharged hereunder:

 

(1)   the rights of Holders of outstanding Notes to receive payments in respect of the principal of, or interest or premium, if any, on, such Notes when such payments are due from the trust referred to in Section 8.04 hereof;

 

(2)   the Company’s obligations with respect to such Notes under Article 2 and Section 4.02 hereof;

 

(3)   the rights, powers, trusts, duties and immunities of the Trustee hereunder and the Company’s obligations in connection therewith; and

 

(4)   this Article 8.

 

Subject to compliance with this Article 8, the Company may exercise its option under this Section 8.02 notwithstanding the prior exercise of its option under Section 8.03 hereof.

 

Section 8.03                                Covenant Defeasance

 

Upon the Company’s exercise under Section 8.01 hereof of the option applicable to this Section 8.03, the Company will, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 8.04 hereof, be released from each of their obligations under the covenants contained in Sections 4.04 and 4.05 hereof with respect to the outstanding

 

36







 

Notes on and after the date the conditions set forth in Section 8.04 hereof are satisfied (hereinafter, “Covenant Defeasance”), and the Notes will thereafter be deemed not “outstanding” for the purposes of any direction, waiver, consent or declaration or act of Holders (and the consequences of any thereof) in connection with such covenants, but will continue to be deemed “outstanding” for all other purposes hereunder.  For this purpose, Covenant Defeasance means that, with respect to the outstanding Notes, the Company may omit to comply with and will have no liability in respect of any term, condition or limitation set forth in any such covenant, whether directly or indirectly, by reason of any reference elsewhere herein to any such covenant or by reason of any reference in any such covenant to any other provision herein or in any other document and such omission to comply will not constitute a Default or an Event of Default under Section 6.01 hereof, but, except as specified above, the remainder of this Indenture and such Notes will be unaffected thereby. In addition, upon the Company’s exercise under Section 8.01 hereof of the option applicable to this Section 8.03, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 8.04 hereof, Sections 6.01(3) through 6.01(5) hereof will not constitute Events of Default.

 

Section 8.04                                Conditions to Legal or Covenant Defeasance

 

In order to exercise either Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance under either Section 8.02 or 8.03 hereof:

 

(1)   the Company must irrevocably deposit with the Trustee, in trust, for the benefit of the Holders, cash in U.S. dollars, non-callable Government Securities, or a combination thereof, in such amounts as will be sufficient (without consideration of any reinvestment interest), in the opinion of a nationally recognized investment bank, appraisal firm, or firm of independent public accountants, to pay the principal of, premium, if any, and interest on, the outstanding Notes on the stated date for payment thereof or on the applicable redemption date, as the case may be, and the Company must specify whether the Notes are being defeased to such stated date for payment or to a particular redemption date;

 

(2)   in the case of an election under Section 8.02 hereof, the Company must deliver to the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel confirming that:

 

(A)   the Company has received from, or there has been published by, the Internal Revenue Service a ruling; or

 

(B)   since the date of this Indenture, there has been a change in the applicable federal income tax law,

 

in either case to the effect that, and based thereon such Opinion of Counsel shall confirm that, the Holders of the outstanding Notes will not recognize income, gain or loss for federal income tax purposes as a result of such Legal Defeasance and will be subject to federal income tax on the same amounts, in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if such Legal Defeasance had not occurred;

 

(3)   in the case of an election under Section 8.03 hereof, the Company must deliver to the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel confirming that the Holders of the outstanding Notes will not recognize income, gain or loss for federal income tax purposes as a result of such Covenant Defeasance and will be subject to federal income tax on the same amounts, in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if such Covenant Defeasance had not occurred;

 

(4)   no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of such deposit (other than a Default or Event of Default resulting from the borrowing of funds to be applied to such deposit) and the deposit will not result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under, any other instrument to which the Company is a party or by which the Company is bound;

 

(5)   such Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance will not result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under, any material agreement or instrument (other than this Indenture) to

 

37







 

which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound;

 

(6)   the Company must deliver to the Trustee an Officers’ Certificate stating that the deposit was not made by the Company with the intent of preferring the Holders of Notes over the other creditors of the Company with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any creditors of the Company or others; and

 

(7)   the Company must deliver to the Trustee an Officers’ Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that all conditions precedent relating to the Legal Defeasance or the Covenant Defeasance have been complied with.

 

Section 8.05                                Deposited Money and Government Securities to be Held in Trust; Other Miscellaneous Provisions

 

Subject to Section 8.06 hereof, all money and non-callable Government Securities (including the proceeds thereof) deposited with the Trustee (or other qualifying trustee, collectively for purposes of this Section 8.05, the “Trustee”) pursuant to Section 8.04 hereof in respect of the outstanding Notes will be held in trust and applied by the Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of such Notes and this Indenture, to the payment, either directly or through any Paying Agent (including the Company acting as Paying Agent) as the Trustee may determine, to the Holders of such Notes of all sums due and to become due thereon in respect of principal, premium, if any, and interest, but such money need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law.

 

The Company will pay and indemnify the Trustee against any tax, fee or other charge imposed on or assessed against the cash or non-callable Government Securities deposited pursuant to Section 8.04 hereof or the principal and interest received in respect thereof other than any such tax, fee or other charge which by law is for the account of the Holders of the outstanding Notes; it being understood that the Trustee shall bear no responsibility for any such tax, fee or other charge that is by law for the account of the Holders of the outstanding Notes.

 

Notwithstanding anything in this Article 8 to the contrary, the Trustee will deliver or pay to the Company from time to time upon the request of the Company any money or non-callable Government Securities held by it as provided in Section 8.04 hereof which, in the opinion of a nationally recognized investment bank, appraisal firm or firm of independent public accountants expressed in a written certification thereof delivered to the Trustee (which may be the opinion delivered under Section 8.04(1) hereof), are in excess of the amount thereof that would then be required to be deposited to effect an equivalent Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance.

 

Section 8.06                                Repayment to Company

 

Any money deposited with the Trustee or any Paying Agent, or then held by the Company, in trust for the payment of the principal of, premium, if any, or interest on, any Note and remaining unclaimed for two years after such principal, premium, if any, or interest has become due and payable shall be paid to the Company on its request or (if then held by the Company) will be discharged from such trust; and the Holder of such Note will thereafter be permitted to look only to the Company for payment thereof, and all liability of the Trustee or such Paying Agent with respect to such trust money, and all liability of the Company as trustee thereof, will thereupon cease; provided, however, that the Trustee or such Paying Agent, before being required to make any such repayment, may at the expense of the Company cause to be published once, in the New York Times and The Wall Street Journal (national edition), notice that such money remains unclaimed and that, after a date specified therein, which will not be less than 30 days from the date of such notification or publication, any unclaimed balance of such money then remaining will be repaid to the Company.

 

Section 8.07                                Reinstatement

 

If the Trustee or Paying Agent is unable to apply any U.S. dollars or non-callable Government Securities in accordance with Section 8.02 or 8.03 hereof, as the case may be, by reason of any order or judgment of any court or governmental authority enjoining, restraining or otherwise prohibiting such application, then the Company’s obligations under this Indenture and the Notes will be revived and reinstated as though no deposit had occurred

 

38







 

pursuant to Section 8.02 or 8.03 hereof until such time as the Trustee or Paying Agent is permitted to apply all such money in accordance with Section 8.02 or 8.03 hereof, as the case may be; provided, however, that, if the Company makes any payment of principal of, premium, if any, or interest on, any Note following the reinstatement of its obligations, the Company will be subrogated to the rights of the Holders of such Notes to receive such payment from the money held by the Trustee or Paying Agent.

 

ARTICLE 9

AMENDMENT, SUPPLEMENT AND WAIVER

 

Section 9.01                                Without Consent of Holders of Notes

 

Notwithstanding Section 9.02 of this Indenture, the Company and the Trustee may amend or supplement this Indenture or the Notes without the consent of any Holder of Note:

 

(1)   to cure any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency;

 

(2)   to provide for uncertificated Notes in addition to or in place of certificated Notes;

 

(3)   to provide for the assumption of the Company’s obligations to the Holders of the Notes by a successor to the Company pursuant to Article 5 hereof;

 

(4)   to make any change that would provide any additional rights or benefits to the Holders of the Notes or that does not adversely affect the legal rights hereunder of any Holder;

 

(5)   to comply with requirements of the SEC in order to effect or maintain the qualification of this Indenture under the TIA;

 

(6)   to conform the text of this Indenture or the Notes to any provision of the “Description of Notes” section of the Company’s Offering Memorandum dated , 20 , relating to the initial offering of the Notes, to the extent that such provision in that “Description of Notes” was intended by the Company to be a verbatim recitation of a provision of this Indenture or the Notes; or

 

(7)   to provide for the issuance of Additional Notes in accordance with the limitations set forth in this Indenture as of the date hereof.

 

Upon the request of the Company accompanied by a resolution of its Board of Directors authorizing the execution of any such amended or supplemental indenture, and upon receipt by the Trustee of the documents described in Section 7.02 hereof, the Trustee will join with the Company in the execution of any amended or supplemental indenture authorized or permitted by the terms of this Indenture and to make any further appropriate agreements and stipulations that may be therein contained, but the Trustee will not be obligated to enter into such amended or supplemental indenture that affects its own rights, duties or immunities under this Indenture or otherwise.

 

Section 9.02                                With Consent of Holders of Notes

 

Except as provided below in this Section 9.02, the Company and the Trustee may amend or supplement this Indenture and the Notes with the consent of the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes voting as a single class (including consents obtained in connection with a tender offer or exchange offer for, or purchase of, the Notes), and, subject to Sections 6.04 and 6.07 hereof, any existing Default or Event of Default (other than a Default or Event of Default in the payment of the principal of, premium, if any, or interest on, the Notes, except a payment default resulting from an acceleration that has been rescinded) or compliance with any provision of this Indenture or the Notes may be waived with the consent of the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes voting as a single class (including consents obtained in connection with a tender offer or exchange offer for, or purchase of, the Notes).  Section 2.08 hereof shall determine which Notes are considered to be “outstanding” for purposes of this Section 9.02.

 

39







 

Upon the request of the Company accompanied by a resolution of its Board of Directors authorizing the execution of any such amended or supplemental indenture, and upon the filing with the Trustee of evidence satisfactory to the Trustee of the consent of the Holders of Notes as aforesaid, and upon receipt by the Trustee of the documents described in Section 7.02 hereof, the Trustee will join with the Company in the execution of such amended or supplemental indenture unless such amended or supplemental indenture affects the Trustee’s own rights, duties or immunities under this Indenture or otherwise, in which case the Trustee may in its discretion, but will not be obligated to, enter into such amended or supplemental Indenture.

 

It is not necessary for the consent of the Holders of Notes under this Section 9.02 to approve the particular form of any proposed amendment, supplement or waiver, but it is sufficient if such consent approves the substance thereof.

 

After an amendment, supplement or waiver under this Section 9.02 becomes effective, the Company will mail to the Holders of Notes affected thereby a notice briefly describing the amendment, supplement or waiver.  Any failure of the Company to mail such notice, or any defect therein, will not, however, in any way impair or affect the validity of any such amended or supplemental indenture or waiver.  Subject to Sections 6.04 and 6.07 hereof, the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding voting as a single class (including consents obtained in connection with a tender offer or exchange offer for, or purchase of, the Notes) may waive compliance in a particular instance by the Company with any provision of this Indenture or the Notes. However, without the consent of each Holder affected, an amendment, supplement or waiver under this Section 9.02 may not (with respect to any Notes held by a non-consenting Holder):

 

(1)   reduce the principal amount of Notes whose Holders must consent to an amendment, supplement or waiver;

 

(2)   reduce the principal of or change the fixed maturity of any Note or alter or waive any of the provisions with respect to the redemption of the Notes;

 

(3)   reduce the rate of or change the time for payment of interest, including default interest, on any Note;

 

(4)   waive a Default or Event of Default in the payment of principal of, or premium, if any, or interest on, the Notes (except a rescission of acceleration of the Notes by the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes and a waiver of the payment default that resulted from such acceleration);

 

(5)   make any Note payable in money other than that stated in the Notes;

 

(6)   make any change in the provisions of this Indenture relating to waivers of past Defaults or the rights of Holders of Notes to receive payments of principal of, or interest or premium, if any, on, the Notes;

 

(7)   waive a redemption payment with respect to any Note; or

 

(8)   make any change in the preceding amendment and waiver provisions.

 

Section 9.03                                Compliance with Trust Indenture Act

 

Every amendment or supplement to this Indenture or the Notes will be set forth in an amended or supplemental indenture that complies with the TIA as then in effect.

 

Section 9.04                                Revocation and Effect of Consents

 

Until an amendment, supplement or waiver becomes effective, a consent to it by a Holder of a Note is a continuing consent by the Holder of a Note and every subsequent Holder of a Note or portion of a Note that evidences the same debt as the consenting Holder’s Note, even if notation of the consent is not made on any Note. 

 

40







 

However, any such Holder of a Note or subsequent Holder of a Note may revoke the consent as to its Note if the Trustee receives written notice of revocation before the date the amendment supplement or waiver becomes effective.  An amendment, supplement or waiver becomes effective in accordance with its terms and thereafter binds every Holder.

 

Section 9.05                                Notation on or Exchange of Notes

 

The Trustee may place an appropriate notation about an amendment, supplement or waiver on any Note thereafter authenticated.  The Company in exchange for all Notes may issue and the Trustee shall, upon receipt of an Authentication Order, authenticate new Notes that reflect the amendment, supplement or waiver.

 

Failure to make the appropriate notation or issue a new Note will not affect the validity and effect of such amendment, supplement or waiver.

 

Section 9.06                                Trustee to Sign Amendments, etc

 

The Trustee will sign any amended or supplemental indenture authorized pursuant to this Article 9 if the amendment or supplement does not adversely affect the rights, duties, liabilities or immunities of the Trustee.  The Company may not sign an amended or supplemental indenture until the Board of Directors of the Company approves it.  In executing any amended or supplemental indenture, the Trustee will be entitled to receive and (subject to Section 7.01 hereof) will be fully protected in relying upon, in addition to the documents required by Section 11.04 hereof, an Officers’ Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel stating that the execution of such amended or supplemental indenture is authorized or permitted by this Indenture and, with respect to such Opinion of Counsel, that such amended or supplemental indenture is a valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms (subject to customary conditions).

 

ARTICLE 10

SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE

 

Section 10.01                          Satisfaction and Discharge

 

This Indenture will be discharged and will cease to be of further effect as to all Notes issued hereunder, when:

 

(1)   either:

 

(a)   all Notes that have been authenticated, except lost, stolen or destroyed Notes that have been replaced or paid and Notes for whose payment money has theretofore been deposited in trust and thereafter repaid to the Company, have been delivered to the Trustee for cancellation; or

 

(b)   all Notes that have not been delivered to the Trustee for cancellation have become due and payable by reason of the mailing of a notice of redemption or otherwise or will become due and payable within one year and the Company has irrevocably deposited or caused to be deposited with the Trustee as trust funds in trust solely for the benefit of the Holders, cash in U.S. dollars, non-callable Government Securities, or a combination thereof, in such amounts as will be sufficient, without consideration of any reinvestment of interest, to pay and discharge the entire Indebtedness on the Notes not delivered to the Trustee for cancellation for principal, premium, if any, and accrued interest to the date of maturity or redemption;

 

(1)   no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing on the date of such deposit (other than a Default or Event of Default resulting from the borrowing of funds to be applied to such deposit) and the deposit will not result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under, any other instrument to which the Company is a party or by which the Company is bound;

 

(2)   the Company has paid or caused to be paid all sums payable by it under this Indenture; and

 

41







 

(3)   the Company has delivered irrevocable instructions to the Trustee under this Indenture to apply the deposited money toward the payment of the Notes at maturity or on the redemption date, as the case may be.

 

In addition, the Company must deliver an Officers’ Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel to the Trustee stating that all conditions precedent to satisfaction and discharge have been satisfied.

 

Notwithstanding the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture, if money has been deposited with the Trustee pursuant to subclause (b) of clause (1) of this Section 10.01, the provisions of Sections 10.02 and 8.06 hereof will survive. In addition, nothing in this Section 10.01 will be deemed to discharge those provisions of Section 7.07 hereof, that, by their terms, survive the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture.

 

Section 10.02                          Application of Trust Money

 

Subject to the provisions of Section 8.06 hereof, all money deposited with the Trustee pursuant to Section 10.01 hereof shall be held in trust and applied by it, in accordance with the provisions of the Notes and this Indenture, to the payment, either directly or through any Paying Agent (including the Company acting as its own Paying Agent) as the Trustee may determine, to the Persons entitled thereto, of the principal (and premium, if any) and interest for whose payment such money has been deposited with the Trustee; but such money need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law.

 

If the Trustee or Paying Agent is unable to apply any money or Government Securities in accordance with Section 10.01 hereof by reason of any legal proceeding or by reason of any order or judgment of any court or governmental authority enjoining, restraining or otherwise prohibiting such application, the Company’s obligations under this Indenture and the Notes shall be revived and reinstated as though no deposit had occurred pursuant to Section 10.01 hereof; provided that if the Company has made any payment of principal of, premium, if any, or interest on, any Notes because of the reinstatement of its obligations, the Company shall be subrogated to the rights of the Holders of such Notes to receive such payment from the money or Government Securities held by the Trustee or Paying Agent.

 

ARTICLE 11

MISCELLANEOUS

 

Section 11.01                          Trust Indenture Act Controls

 

If any provision of this Indenture limits, qualifies or conflicts with the duties imposed by TIA §318(c), the imposed duties will control.

 

Section 11.02                          Notices

 

Any notice or communication by the Company or the Trustee to the other is duly given if in writing and delivered in Person or by first class mail (registered or certified, return receipt requested), facsimile transmission or overnight air courier guaranteeing next day delivery, to the others’ address:

 

If to the Company:

 

Acorda Therapeutics, Inc.

15 Skyline Drive

Hawthorne, New York 10532

Facsimile No.: (      ) -                             

Attention:

 

With a copy to:

 

Facsimile No.:        ) -                                   

Attention:

 

42







 

If to the Trustee:

 

Wilmington Trust Company

Rodney Square North

1100 North Market Street

Wilmington, Delaware 19890-0001

Facsimile No.: (302) 636-4145

Phone: (302) 636-6000

Attention: Corporate Capital Markets/Acorda Therapeutics

 

The Company or the Trustee, by notice to the other, may designate additional or different addresses for subsequent notices or communications.

 

All notices and communications (other than those sent to Holders) will be deemed to have been duly given: at the time delivered by hand, if personally delivered; five Business Days after being deposited in the mail, postage prepaid, if mailed; when receipt acknowledged, if transmitted by facsimile; and the next Business Day after timely delivery to the courier, if sent by overnight air courier guaranteeing next day delivery.

 

Any notice or communication to a Holder will be mailed by first class mail, certified or registered, return receipt requested, or by overnight air courier guaranteeing next day delivery to its address shown on the register kept by the Registrar.  Any notice or communication will also be so mailed to any Person described in TIA § 313(c), to the extent required by the TIA.  Failure to mail a notice or communication to a Holder or any defect in it will not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Holders.

 

If a notice or communication is mailed in the manner provided above within the time prescribed, it is duly given, whether or not the addressee receives it.

 

If the Company mails a notice or communication to Holders, it will mail a copy to the Trustee and each Agent at the same time.

 

Section 11.03                          Communication by Holders of Notes with Other Holders of Notes

 

Holders may communicate pursuant to TIA § 312(b) with other Holders with respect to their rights under this Indenture or the Notes. The Company, the Trustee, the Registrar and anyone else shall have the protection of TIA § 312(c).

 

Section 11.04                          Certificate and Opinion as to Conditions Precedent

 

Upon any request or application by the Company to the Trustee to take any action under this Indenture, the Company shall furnish to the Trustee:

 

(1)   an Officers’ Certificate in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee (which must include the statements set forth in Section 11.05 hereof) stating that, in the opinion of the signers, all conditions precedent and covenants, if any, provided for in this Indenture relating to the proposed action have been satisfied; and

 

(2)   an Opinion of Counsel in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee (which must include the statements set forth in Section 11.05 hereof) stating that, in the opinion of such counsel, all such conditions precedent and covenants have been satisfied.

 

Section 11.05                          Statements Required in Certificate or Opinion

 

Each certificate or opinion with respect to compliance with a condition or covenant provided for in this Indenture (other than a certificate provided pursuant to TIA § 314(a)(4)) must comply with the provisions of TIA § 314(e) and must include:

 

43







 

(1)   a statement that the Person making such certificate or opinion has read such covenant or condition;

 

(2)   a brief statement as to the nature and scope of the examination or investigation upon which the statements or opinions contained in such certificate or opinion are based;

 

(3)   a statement that, in the opinion of such Person, he or she has made such examination or investigation as is necessary to enable him or her to express an informed opinion as to whether or not such covenant or condition has been satisfied; and

 

(4)   a statement as to whether or not, in the opinion of such Person, such condition or covenant has been satisfied.

 

Section 11.06                          Rules by Trustee and Agents

 

The Trustee may make reasonable rules for action by or at a meeting of Holders. The Registrar or Paying Agent may make reasonable rules and set reasonable requirements for its functions.

 

Section 11.07                          No Personal Liability of Directors, Officers, Employees and Stockholders

 

No past, present or future director, officer, employee, incorporator or stockholder of the Company will have any liability for any obligations of the Company under the Notes or this Indenture, or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation.  Each Holder of Notes by accepting a Note waives and releases all such liability.  The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Notes.  The waiver may not be effective to waive liabilities under the federal securities laws.

 

Section 11.08                          Governing Law

 

THE INTERNAL LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WILL GOVERN AND BE USED TO CONSTRUE THIS INDENTURE AND THE NOTES WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO APPLICABLE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW TO THE EXTENT THAT THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION WOULD BE REQUIRED THEREBY.

 

Section 11.09                          No Adverse Interpretation of Other Agreements

 

This Indenture may not be used to interpret any other indenture, loan or debt agreement of the Company or its Subsidiaries or of any other Person.  Any such indenture, loan or debt agreement may not be used to interpret this Indenture.

 

Section 11.10                          Successors

 

All agreements of the Company in this Indenture and the Notes will bind its successors.  All agreements of the Trustee in this Indenture will bind its successors.

 

Section 11.11                          Severability

 

In case any provision in this Indenture or in the Notes is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions will not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

 

Section 11.12                          Counterpart Originals

 

The parties may sign any number of copies of this Indenture.  Each signed copy will be an original, but all of them together represent the same agreement.

 

44







 

Section 11.13                          Table of Contents, Headings, etc.

 

The Table of Contents, Cross-Reference Table and Headings of the Articles and Sections of this Indenture have been inserted for convenience of reference only, are not to be considered a part of this Indenture and will in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof.

 

[Signatures on following page]

 

45





 

SIGNATURES

 

Dated as of           , 20

 

 

 

 

 

 

ACORDA THERAPEUTICS, INC.

 

 

 

 

By:

 

 

 

Name:

 

 

Title:

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

By:

 

 

 

Name:

 

 

Title:

 

46



Exhibit A-1

 

Back of Note

% Senior Notes due 20

 

Insert the Global Note Legend, if applicable pursuant to the provisions of the Indenture

 

Insert the Private Placement Legend, if applicable pursuant to the provisions of the Indenture

 

Capitalized terms used herein have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture referred to below unless otherwise indicated.

 

(1)  INTEREST.  Acorda Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), promises to pay interest on the principal amount of this Note at % per annum from                       , 20     until maturity.  The Company will pay interest semi-annually in arrears on and of each year, or if any such day is not a Business Day, on the next succeeding Business Day (each, an “Interest Payment Date”).  Interest on the Notes will accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been paid or, if no interest has been paid, from the date of issuance; provided that if there is no existing Default in the payment of interest, and if this Note is authenticated between a record date referred to on the face hereof and the next succeeding Interest Payment Date, interest shall accrue from such next succeeding Interest Payment Date; provided further that the first Interest Payment Date shall be                       , 20    .  The Company will pay interest (including post-petition interest in any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law) on overdue principal and premium, if any, from time to time on demand at a rate that is 1% per annum in excess of the rate then in effect to the extent lawful; it will pay interest (including post-petition interest in any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law) on overdue installments of interest (without regard to any applicable grace periods) from time to time on demand at the same rate to the extent lawful.  Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months.

 

(2)  METHOD OF PAYMENT.  The Company will pay interest on the Notes (except defaulted interest) to the Persons who are registered Holders of Notes at the close of business on the                 or              next preceding the Interest Payment Date, even if such Notes are canceled after such record date and on or before such Interest Payment Date, except as provided in Section 2.12 of the Indenture with respect to defaulted interest.  The Notes will be payable as to principal, premium, if any, and interest at the office or agency of the Company maintained for such purpose within or without                   , ,                  or, at the option of the Company, payment of interest may be made by check mailed to the Holders at their addresses set forth in the register of Holders; provided that payment by wire transfer of immediately available funds will be required with respect to principal of and interest, and premium, if any, on, all Global Notes and all other Notes the Holders of which will have provided wire transfer instructions to the Company or the Paying Agent.  Such payment will be in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts.

 

(3)  PAYING AGENT AND REGISTRAR.  Initially, Wilmington Trust Company, the Trustee under the Indenture, will act as Paying Agent and Registrar.  The Company may change any Paying Agent or Registrar without notice to any Holder.  The Company or any of its Subsidiaries may act in any such capacity.

 

(4)  INDENTURE.  The Company issued the Notes under an Indenture dated as of                       , 20     (the “Indenture”) between the Company and the Trustee.  The terms of the Notes include those stated in the Indenture and those made part of the Indenture by reference to the TIA.  The Notes are subject to all such terms, and Holders are referred to the Indenture and such Act for a statement of such terms.  To the extent any provision of this Note conflicts with the express provisions of the Indenture, the provisions of the Indenture shall govern and be controlling.  The Indenture does not limit the aggregate principal amount of Notes that may be issued thereunder.

 





 

(5)  OPTIONAL REDEMPTION.  On or after                       , 20       , the Company will have the option to redeem all or a part of the Notes upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice, at the redemption prices (expressed as percentages of principal amount) set forth below plus accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes redeemed to the applicable redemption date, if redeemed during the twelve-month period beginning on of the years indicated below, subject to the rights of Holders on the relevant record date to receive interest on the relevant interest payment date:

 

Year

 

Percentage

 

20

 

 

%

20

 

 

%

20

 

 

%

20 and thereafter

 

 

%

 

Unless the Company defaults in the payment of the redemption price, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or portions thereof called for redemption on the applicable redemption date.

 

(6)  MANDATORY REDEMPTION.

 

The Company is not required to make mandatory redemption or sinking fund payments with respect to the Notes.

 

(7)  NOTICE OF REDEMPTION.  Notice of redemption will be mailed at least 30 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each Holder whose Notes are to be redeemed at its registered address, except that redemption notices may be mailed more than 60 days prior to a redemption date if the notice is issued in connection with a defeasance of the Notes or a satisfaction or discharge of the Indenture. Notes in denominations larger than $1,000 may be redeemed in part but only in whole multiples of $1,000, unless all of the Notes held by a Holder are to be redeemed.

 

(8)  DENOMINATIONS, TRANSFER, EXCHANGE.  Except as provided in Section 2.01(a) of the Indenture, the Notes are in registered form without coupons in denominations of $1,000 and integral multiples of $1,000.  The transfer of Notes may be registered and Notes may be exchanged as provided in the Indenture.  The Registrar and the Trustee may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and the Company may require a Holder to pay any taxes and fees required by law or permitted by the Indenture.  The Company need not exchange or register the transfer of any Note or portion of a Note selected for redemption, except for the unredeemed portion of any Note being redeemed in part.  Also, the Company need not exchange or register the transfer of any Notes for a period of 15 days before a selection of Notes to be redeemed or during the period between a record date and the corresponding Interest Payment Date.

 

(9)  PERSONS DEEMED OWNERS. The registered Holder of a Note may be treated as its owner for all purposes.

 

(10)  AMENDMENT, SUPPLEMENT AND WAIVER.  Subject to certain exceptions, the Indenture or the Notes may be amended or supplemented with the consent of the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes voting as a single class, and, subject to certain exceptions, any existing Default or Event or Default or compliance with any provision of the Indenture or the Notes may be waived with the consent of the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes voting as a single class.  Without the consent of any Holder of a Note, the Indenture or the Notes may be amended or supplemented to cure any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency, to provide for uncertificated Notes in addition to or in place of certificated Notes, to provide for the assumption of the Company’s obligations to Holders of the Notes in case of a merger or consolidation, to make any change that would provide any additional rights or benefits to the Holders of the Notes or that does not

 







 

adversely affect the legal rights under the Indenture of any such Holder, to comply with the requirements of the SEC in order to effect or maintain the qualification of the Indenture under the TIA, to conform the text of the Indenture or the Notes to any provision of the “Description of Notes” section of the Company’s Offering Memorandum dated              , 20  , relating to the initial offering of the Notes, to the extent that such provision in that “Description of Notes” was intended by the Company to be a verbatim recitation of a provision of the Indenture or the Notes; or to provide for the issuance of Additional Notes in accordance with the limitations set forth in the Indenture.

 

(11)  DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES.  Events of Default include: (i) default for 30 days in the payment when due of interest on the Notes; (ii) default in the payment when due of the principal of, or premium, if any, on, the Notes when the same becomes due and payable at maturity, upon redemption (including in connection with an offer to purchase) or otherwise; (iii) failure by the Company to comply with Section 5.01 of the Indenture; (iv) failure by the Company for 60 days after notice to the Company by the Trustee or the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding voting as a single class to comply with any of the other agreements in the Indenture; (v) default under certain other agreements relating to Indebtedness of the Company which default results in the acceleration of such Indebtedness prior to its express maturity; (vi) certain final judgments for the payment of money that remain undischarged for a period of 60 days; and (vii) certain events of bankruptcy or insolvency with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that is a Significant Subsidiary or any group of Subsidiaries that, taken together, would constitute a Significant Subsidiary.  If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Trustee or the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes may declare all the Notes to be due and payable immediately.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of an Event of Default arising from certain events of bankruptcy or insolvency, all outstanding Notes will become due and payable immediately without further action or notice.  Holders may not enforce the Indenture or the Notes except as provided in the Indenture.  Subject to certain limitations, Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes may direct the Trustee in its exercise of any trust or power.  The Trustee may withhold from Holders of the Notes notice of any continuing Default or Event of Default (except a Default or Event of Default relating to the payment of principal or interest or premium, if any,) if the Board of Directors of the Trustee or a committee of the Trustee’ Responsible Officers determines that withholding notice is in their interest.  The Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes by notice to the Trustee may, on behalf of the Holders, rescind an acceleration and its consequences if the rescission would not conflict with any judgment or decree and if all existing Events of Default (except nonpayment of principal, interest or premium, if any, that has become due solely because of the acceleration) have been cured or waived.  The Company is required to deliver to the Trustee annually a statement regarding compliance with the Indenture, and the Company is required, upon becoming aware of any Default or Event of Default, to deliver to the Trustee a statement specifying such Default or Event of Default.

 

(12)  TRUSTEE DEALINGS WITH COMPANY.  The Trustee, in its individual or any other capacity, may make loans to, accept deposits from, and perform services for the Company or its Affiliates, and may otherwise deal with the Company or its Affiliates, as if it were not the Trustee.

 

(13)  NO RECOURSE AGAINST OTHERS.  A director, officer, employee, incorporator or stockholder of the Company will not have any liability for any obligations of the Company under the Notes or the Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation.  Each Holder by accepting a Note waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for the issuance of the Notes.

 

(14)  AUTHENTICATION.  This Note will not be valid until authenticated by the manual signature of the Trustee or an authenticating agent.

 







 

(15)  ABBREVIATIONS.  Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder or an assignee, such as: TEN COM (= tenants in common), TEN ENT (= tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (= joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (= Custodian), and U/G/M/A (= Uniform Gifts to Minors Act).

 

(16)  CUSIP NUMBERS.  Pursuant to a recommendation promulgated by the Committee on Uniform Security Identification Procedures, the Company has caused CUSIP numbers to be printed on the Notes, and the Trustee may use CUSIP numbers in notices of redemption as a convenience to Holders.  No representation is made as to the accuracy of such numbers either as printed on the Notes or as contained in any notice of redemption, and reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers placed thereon.

 

(17)  GOVERNING LAW.  THE INTERNAL LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WILL GOVERN AND BE USED TO CONSTRUE THE INDENTURE AND THIS NOTE WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO APPLICABLE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW TO THE EXTENT THAT THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION WOULD BE REQUIRED THEREBY.

 

The Company will furnish to any Holder upon written request and without charge a copy of the Indenture.  Requests may be made to:

 

Acorda Therapeutics, Inc.

15 Skyline Drive

Hawthorne, New York 10532

Attention:

 

ASSIGNMENT FORM

 

To assign this Note, fill in the form below:

 

(I) or (we) assign and transfer this Note to:

 

 

 

 

(Insert assignee’s legal name)

 

 

 

 

 

(Insert assignee’s soc. sec. or tax I.D. no.)

 

 

 

 

 

(Print or type assignee’s name, address and zip code)

and irrevocably appoint to transfer this Note on the books of the Company. The agent may substitute another to act for him.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Date:

 

 

 

 

 

Your Signature:

 

 

 

(Sign exactly as your name appears on the face of this Note)

Signature

Guarantee:*

 

 

 













 



* Participant in a recognized Signature Guarantee Medallion Program (or other signature guarantor acceptable to the Trustee).

 







 

SCHEDULE OF EXCHANGES OF INTERESTS IN THE GLOBAL NOTE*

 

The following exchanges of a part of this Global Note for an interest in another Global Note or for a Definitive Note, or exchanges of a part of another Global Note or Definitive Note for an interest in this Global Note, have been made:

 

Date of Exchange

 

Amount of decrease

in Principal

Amount of this

Global Note

 

Amount of increase

in Principal

Amount of this

Global Note

 

Principal Amount

of this Global Note

following such

decrease (or

increase)

 

Signature of

authorized officer

of Trustee or

Custodian

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



* This schedule should be included only if the Note is issued in global form.

 







 

Exhibit A-2

 

Face of Regulation S Temporary Global Note

 

 

 

CUSIP/CINS

 

 

 

 

% Senior Notes due 20

 $

 

 

 

No.

 

 

 

 

 

ACORDA THERAPEUTICS, INC. promises to pay to

registered assigns,

 

or

 

 

 

the principal sum of

 

DOLLARS on

                            , 20      .

 

 

 

 

 

Interest Payment Dates:

And

 

Record Dates:

And

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ACORDA THERAPEUTICS, INC.

 

 

 

 

 

By:

 

 

 

Name:

 

 

Title:

 

This is one of the Notes referred to

 

in the within-mentioned Indenture:

 

 

 

WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY,

 

as Trustee

 

 

 

 

By:

 

 

 

Authorized Signatory

 

 

Dated:

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

Back of Regulation S Temporary Global Note

 % Senior Notes due 20

 

THE RIGHTS ATTACHING TO THIS REGULATION S TEMPORARY GLOBAL NOTE, AND THE CONDITIONS AND PROCEDURES GOVERNING ITS EXCHANGE FOR CERTIFICATED NOTES, ARE AS SPECIFIED IN THE INDENTURE (AS DEFINED HEREIN).  NEITHER THE HOLDER NOR THE BENEFICIAL OWNERS OF THIS REGULATION S TEMPORARY GLOBAL NOTE SHALL BE ENTITLED TO RECEIVE PAYMENT OF INTEREST HEREON.

 

THIS GLOBAL NOTE IS HELD BY THE DEPOSITARY (AS DEFINED IN THE INDENTURE GOVERNING THIS NOTE) OR ITS NOMINEE IN CUSTODY FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE BENEFICIAL OWNERS HEREOF, AND IS NOT TRANSFERABLE TO ANY PERSON UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES EXCEPT THAT (1) THE TRUSTEE MAY MAKE SUCH NOTATIONS HEREON AS MAY BE REQUIRED PURSUANT TO SECTION 2.06 OF THE INDENTURE, (2) THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAY BE EXCHANGED IN WHOLE BUT NOT IN PART PURSUANT TO SECTION 2.06(a) OF THE INDENTURE, (3) THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAY BE DELIVERED TO THE TRUSTEE FOR CANCELLATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 2.11 OF THE INDENTURE AND (4) THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAY BE TRANSFERRED TO A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY WITH THE PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT OF THE COMPANY.

 

UNLESS AND UNTIL IT IS EXCHANGED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR NOTES IN DEFINITIVE FORM, THIS NOTE MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS A WHOLE BY THE DEPOSITARY TO A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY OR BY A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY TO THE DEPOSITARY OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY OR BY THE DEPOSITARY OR ANY SUCH NOMINEE TO A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF SUCH SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY.  UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY (55 WATER STREET, NEW YORK, NEW YORK) (“DTC”), TO THE COMPANY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR SUCH OTHER NAME AS MAY BE REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS MAY BE REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.

 

THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), AND ACCORDINGLY MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS, EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE.  BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN, THE HOLDER (1) REPRESENTS THAT (A) IT IS A “QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER” (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) (A “QIB”), (B) IT IS NOT A U.S. PERSON, IS NOT ACQUIRING THIS NOTE FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF A U.S. PERSON AND IS ACQUIRING THIS NOTE IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN COMPLIANCE WITH REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (C) IT IS AN INSTITUTIONAL “ACCREDITED INVESTOR” (AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(A)(1), (2), (3) OR (7) OF REGULATION D UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) (AN “IAI”), (2) AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT, WITHIN THE TIME PERIOD REFERRED TO UNDER RULE 144(b)(1) (TAKING INTO ACCOUNT THE PROVISIONS OF RULE 144(d) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, IF APPLICABLE) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AS IN EFFECT ON THE DATE OF THE TRANSFER OF THIS NOTE, RESELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS NOTE EXCEPT (A) TO THE COMPANY OR ANY SUBSIDIARY THEREOF, (B) TO A PERSON WHOM THE HOLDER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QIB PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QIB IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (C) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 904 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (D) PURSUANT TO THE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF AVAILABLE), (E) TO AN IAI THAT, PRIOR TO SUCH

 







 

TRANSFER, FURNISHES TO THE TRUSTEE A SIGNED LETTER CONTAINING CERTAIN REPRESENTATIONS AND AGREEMENTS RELATING TO THE REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER OF THIS NOTE (THE FORM OF WHICH LETTER CAN BE OBTAINED FROM THE TRUSTEE) AND, IF SUCH TRANSFER IS IN RESPECT OF AN AGGREGATE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF NOTES AT THE TIME OF TRANSFER OF LESS THAN $250,000, AN OPINION OF COUNSEL ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY THAT SUCH TRANSFER IS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT OR (F) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND, IN EACH CASE, IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND (3) AGREES THAT IT WILL DELIVER TO EACH PERSON TO WHOM THIS NOTE OR AN INTEREST HEREIN IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND.  IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSFER OF THIS NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN WITHIN THE TIME PERIOD REFERRED TO ABOVE, THE HOLDER MUST CHECK THE APPROPRIATE BOX SET FORTH ON THE REVERSE HEREOF RELATING TO THE MANNER OF SUCH TRANSFER AND SUBMIT THIS CERTIFICATE TO THE TRUSTEE.  AS USED HEREIN, THE TERMS “OFFSHORE TRANSACTION,” “UNITED STATES” AND “U.S. PERSON” HAVE THE MEANINGS GIVEN TO THEM BY RULE 902 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT.  THE INDENTURE CONTAINS A PROVISION REQUIRING THE TRUSTEE TO REFUSE TO REGISTER ANY TRANSFER OF THIS NOTE IN VIOLATION OF THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS.

 

Capitalized terms used herein have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture referred to below unless otherwise indicated.

 

(1)   INTEREST.  Acorda Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), promises to pay interest on the principal amount of this Note at          % per annum from                            , 20    until maturity. The Company will pay interest semi-annually in arrears on                           and                           of each year, or if any such day is not a Business Day, on the next succeeding Business Day (each, an “Interest Payment Date”).  Interest on the Notes will accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been paid or, if no interest has been paid, from the date of issuance; provided that if there is no existing Default in the payment of interest, and if this Note is authenticated between a record date referred to on the face hereof and the next succeeding Interest Payment Date, interest shall accrue from such next succeeding Interest Payment Date; provided further that the first Interest Payment Date shall be                           , 20      .  The Company will pay interest (including post-petition interest in any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law) on overdue principal and premium, if any, from time to time on demand at a rate that is 1% per annum in excess of the rate then in effect to the extent lawful; it will pay interest (including post-petition interest in any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law) on overdue installments of interest (without regard to any applicable grace periods) from time to time on demand at the same rate to the extent lawful.  Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months.

 

Until this Regulation S Temporary Global Note is exchanged for one or more Regulation S Permanent Global Notes, the Holder hereof shall not be entitled to receive payments of interest hereon; until so exchanged in full, this Regulation S Temporary Global Note shall in all other respects be entitled to the same benefits as other Notes under the Indenture.

 

(2)   METHOD OF PAYMENT.  The Company will pay interest on the Notes (except defaulted interest) to the Persons who are registered Holders of Notes at the close of business on the                           or next preceding the Interest Payment Date, even if such Notes are canceled after such record date and on or before such Interest Payment Date, except as provided in Section 2.12 of the Indenture with respect to defaulted interest.  The Notes will be payable as to principal, premium, if any, and interest at the office or agency of the Company maintained for such purpose within or without                           ,                           , or, at the option of the Company, payment of interest may be made by check mailed to the Holders at their addresses set forth in the register of Holders; provided that payment by wire transfer of immediately available funds will be required with respect to principal of and interest, and premium on, all Global Notes and all other Notes the Holders of which will have provided wire transfer instructions to the Company or the Paying

 







 

Agent.  Such payment will be in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts.

 

(3)   PAYING AGENT AND REGISTRAR.  Initially, Wilmington Trust Company, the Trustee under the Indenture, will act as Paying Agent and Registrar.  The Company may change any Paying Agent or Registrar without notice to any Holder.  The Company or any of its Subsidiaries may act in any such capacity.

 

(4)   INDENTURE The Company issued the Notes under an Indenture dated as of                           , 20     (the “Indenture”) between the Company and the Trustee.  The terms of the Notes include those stated in the Indenture and those made part of the Indenture by reference to the TIA.  The Notes are subject to all such terms, and Holders are referred to the Indenture and such Act for a statement of such terms.  To the extent any provision of this Note conflicts with the express provisions of the Indenture, the provisions of the Indenture shall govern and be controlling.  The Indenture does not limit the aggregate principal amount of Notes that may be issued thereunder.

 

(5)   OPTIONAL REDEMPTION.

 

On or after                          , 20       , the Company will have the option to redeem all or a part of the Notes upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice, at the redemption prices (expressed as percentages of principal amount) set forth below plus accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes redeemed to the applicable redemption date, if redeemed during the twelve-month period beginning on of the years indicated below, subject to the rights of Holders on the relevant record date to receive interest on the relevant interest payment date:

 

 

Year

 

Percentage

 

 

20

 

 

%

 

20

 

 

%

 

20

 

 

%

 

20                            and thereafter

 

 

%

 

Unless the Company defaults in the payment of the redemption price, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or portions thereof called for redemption on the applicable redemption date.

 

(6)   MANDATORY REDEMPTION.

 

The Company is not required to make mandatory redemption or sinking fund payments with respect to the Notes.

 

(7)   NOTICE OF REDEMPTION.  Notice of redemption will be mailed at least 30 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each Holder whose Notes are to be redeemed at its registered address, except that redemption notices may be mailed more than 60 days prior to a redemption date if the notice is issued in connection with a defeasance of the Notes or a satisfaction or discharge of the Indenture.  Notes in denominations larger than $1,000 may be redeemed in part but only in whole multiples of $1,000, unless all of the Notes held by a Holder are to be redeemed.

 

(8)   DENOMINATIONS, TRANSFER, EXCHANGE.  Except as provided in Section 2.01(a) of the Indenture, the Notes are in registered form without coupons in denominations of $1,000 and integral multiples of $1,000.  The transfer of Notes may be registered and Notes may be exchanged as provided in the Indenture.  The Registrar and the Trustee may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and the Company may require a Holder to pay any taxes and fees required by law or permitted by the Indenture.  The Company need not exchange or register the transfer of any Note or portion of a Note selected for redemption, except for the unredeemed portion of any Note being redeemed in part.  Also, the Company need not exchange or register the transfer of any Notes for a period of 15 days before a

 







 

selection of Notes to be redeemed or during the period between a record date and the corresponding Interest Payment Date.

 

This Regulation S Temporary Global Note is exchangeable in whole or in part for one or more Global Notes only (i) on or after the termination of the 40-day distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S) and (ii) upon presentation of certificates (accompanied by an Opinion of Counsel, if applicable) required by Article 2 of the Indenture.  Upon exchange of this Regulation S Temporary Global Note for one or more Global Notes, the Trustee shall cancel this Regulation S Temporary Global Note.

 

(9)   PERSONS DEEMED OWNERS. The registered Holder of a Note may be treated as its owner for all purposes.

 

(10)    AMENDMENT, SUPPLEMENT AND WAIVER.  Subject to certain exceptions, the Indenture or the Notes may be amended or supplemented with the consent of the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes voting as a single class, and, subject to certain exceptions, any existing Default or Event or Default or compliance with any provision of the Indenture or the Notes may be waived with the consent of the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes voting as a single class.  Without the consent of any Holder of a Note, the Indenture or the Notes may be amended or supplemented to cure any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency, to provide for uncertificated Notes in addition to or in place of certificated Notes, to provide for the assumption of the Company’s obligations to Holders of the Notes in case of a merger or consolidation, to make any change that would provide any additional rights or benefits to the Holders of the Notes or that does not adversely affect the legal rights under the Indenture of any such Holder, to comply with the requirements of the SEC in order to effect or maintain the qualification of the Indenture under the TIA, to conform the text of the Indenture or the Notes to any provision of the “Description of Notes” section of the Company’s Offering Memorandum dated                       , 20    , relating to the initial offering of the Notes, to the extent that such provision in that “Description of Notes” was intended by the Company to be a verbatim recitation of a provision of the Indenture or the Notes; or to provide for the issuance of Additional Notes in accordance with the limitations set forth in the Indenture.

 

(11)   DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES. Events of Default include: (i) default for 30 days in the payment when due of interest on the Notes; (ii) default in the payment when due of the principal of, or premium, if any, on, the Notes when the same becomes due and payable at maturity, upon redemption (including in connection with an offer to purchase) or otherwise; (iii) failure by the Company to comply with Section 5.01 of the Indenture; (iv) failure by the Company for 60 days after notice to the Company by the Trustee or the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding voting as a single class to comply with any of the other agreements in the Indenture; (v) default under certain other agreements relating to Indebtedness of the Company which default results in the acceleration of such Indebtedness prior to its express maturity; (vi) certain final judgments for the payment of money that remain undischarged for a period of 60 days; and (vii) certain events of bankruptcy or insolvency with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that is a Significant Subsidiary or any group of Subsidiaries that, taken together, would constitute a Significant Subsidiary. If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Trustee or the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes may declare all the Notes to be due and payable immediately. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of an Event of Default arising from certain events of bankruptcy or insolvency, all outstanding Notes will become due and payable immediately without further action or notice. Holders may not enforce the Indenture or the Notes except as provided in the Indenture. Subject to certain limitations, Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes may direct the Trustee in its exercise of any trust or power.  The Trustee may withhold from Holders of the Notes notice of any continuing Default or Event of Default (except a Default or Event of Default relating to the payment of principal or interest or premium, if any,) if the Board of Directors of the Trustee or a committee of the Trustee’s Responsible Officers determines that withholding notice is in their interest.  The Holders of a majority in aggregate

 







 

principal amount of the then outstanding Notes by notice to the Trustee may, on behalf of the Holders, rescind an acceleration and its consequences if the rescission would not conflict with any judgment or decree and if all existing Events of Default (except nonpayment of principal, interest or premium, if any, that has become due solely because of the acceleration) have been cured or waived.  The Company is required to deliver to the Trustee annually a statement regarding compliance with the Indenture, and the Company is required, upon becoming aware of any Default or Event of Default, to deliver to the Trustee a statement specifying such Default or Event of Default.

 

(12)   TRUSTEE DEALINGS WITH COMPANY.  The Trustee, in its individual or any other capacity, may make loans to, accept deposits from, and perform services for the Company or its Affiliates, and may otherwise deal with the Company or its Affiliates, as if it were not the Trustee.

 

(13)   NO RECOURSE AGAINST OTHERS.  A director, officer, employee, incorporator or stockholder of the Company will not have any liability for any obligations of the Company under the Notes or the Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation.  Each Holder by accepting a Note waives and releases all such liability.  The waiver and release are part of the consideration for the issuance of the Notes.

 

(14)   AUTHENTICATION.  This Note will not be valid until authenticated by the manual signature of the Trustee or an authenticating agent.

 

(15)   ABBREVIATIONS.  Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder or an assignee, such as: TEN COM (= tenants in common), TEN ENT (= tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (= joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (= Custodian), and U/G/M/A (= Uniform Gifts to Minors Act).

 

(16)   CUSIP NUMBERS.  Pursuant to a recommendation promulgated by the Committee on Uniform Security Identification Procedures, the Company has caused CUSIP numbers to be printed on the Notes, and the Trustee may use CUSIP numbers in notices of redemption as a convenience to Holders.  No representation is made as to the accuracy of such numbers either as printed on the Notes or as contained in any notice of redemption, and reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers placed thereon.

 

(17)   GOVERNING LAW.  THE INTERNAL LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WILL GOVERN AND BE USED TO CONSTRUE THE INDENTURE AND THIS NOTE WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO APPLICABLE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW TO THE EXTENT THAT THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION WOULD BE REQUIRED THEREBY.

 

The Company will furnish to any Holder upon written request and without charge a copy of the Indenture. Requests may be made to:

 

Acorda Therapeutics, Inc.

15 Skyline Drive

Hawthorne, New York 10532

Attention:

 





 

ASSIGNMENT FORM

 

(I) or (we) assign and transfer this Note to:

 

 

 

 

(Insert assignee’s legal name)

 

 

 

(Insert assignee’s soc. sec. or tax I.D. no.)

 

 

 

(Print or type assignee’s name, address and zip code)

 

and irrevocably appoint to transfer this Note on the books of the Company.  The agent may substitute another to act for him.

 

 

Date:

 

 

 

 

 

 

Your Signature:

 

 

(Sign exactly as your name appears on the face of this Note)

 

 

Signature

 

Guarantee*:

 

 

 













 



* Participant in a recognized Signature Guarantee Medallion Program (or other signature guarantor acceptable to the Trustee).

 





 

SCHEDULE OF EXCHANGES OF INTERESTS IN THE REGULATION S TEMPORARY GLOBAL NOTE

 

The following exchanges of a part of this Regulation S Temporary Global Note for an interest in another Global Note, or exchanges of a part of another other Restricted Global Note for an interest in this Regulation S Temporary Global Note, have been made:

 

Date of Exchange

 

Amount of decrease

in Principal

Amount of this

Global Note

 

Amount of increase

in Principal

Amount of this

Global Note

 

Principal Amount

of this Global Note

following such

decrease (or

increase)

 

Signature of

authorized officer

of Trustee or

Custodian

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 





 

EXHIBIT B

 

FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF TRANSFER

 

Company Address

 

Registrar Address

 

Re: % Senior Notes due 20    s

 

Reference is hereby made to the Indenture, dated as of    	    , 20    (the “Indenture”), among Acorda Therapeutics, Inc. as issuer (the “Company”), and Wilmington Trust Company, as trustee.  Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Indenture.

 

, (the “Transferor”) owns and proposes to transfer the Notes or interest in such Notes specified in Annex A hereto, in the principal amount of $    	     in such Notes or interests (the “Transfer”), to     	            	         (the “Transferee”), as further specified in Annex A hereto.  In connection with the Transfer, the Transferor hereby certifies that:

 

CHECK ALL THAT APPLY

 

1.   o  Check if Transferee will take delivery of a beneficial interest in the 144A Global Note or a Restricted Definitive Note pursuant to Rule 144A. The Transfer is being effected pursuant to and in accordance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and, accordingly, the Transferor hereby further certifies that the beneficial interest or Definitive Note is being transferred to a Person that the Transferor reasonably believes is purchasing the beneficial interest or Definitive Note for its own account, or for one or more accounts with respect to which such Person exercises sole investment discretion, and such Person and each such account is a “qualified institutional buyer” within the meaning of Rule 144A in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, and such Transfer is in compliance with any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States.  Upon consummation of the proposed Transfer in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the transferred beneficial interest or Definitive Note will be subject to the restrictions on transfer enumerated in the Private Placement Legend printed on the 144A Global Note and/or the Restricted Definitive Note and in the Indenture and the Securities Act.

 

2.   o  Check if Transferee will take delivery of a beneficial interest in the Regulation S Temporary Global Note, the Regulation S Permanent Global Note or a Restricted Definitive Note pursuant to Regulation S. The Transfer is being effected pursuant to and in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 under the Securities Act and, accordingly, the Transferor hereby further certifies that (i) the Transfer is not being made to a Person in the United States and (x) at the time the buy order was originated, the Transferee was outside the United States or such Transferor and any Person acting on its behalf reasonably believed and believes that the Transferee was outside the United States or (y) the transaction was executed in, on or through the facilities of a designated offshore securities market and neither such Transferor nor any Person acting on its behalf knows that the transaction was prearranged with a buyer in the United States, (ii) no directed selling efforts have been made in contravention of the requirements of Rule 903(b) or Rule 904(b) of Regulation S under the Securities Act, (iii) the transaction is not part of a plan or scheme to evade the registration requirements of the Securities Act and (iv) if the proposed transfer is being made prior to the expiration of the Restricted Period, the transfer is not being made to a U.S. Person or for the account or benefit of a U.S. Person (other than an Initial Purchaser). Upon consummation of the proposed transfer in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the transferred beneficial interest or Definitive Note will be subject to the restrictions on Transfer enumerated in the Private Placement Legend printed on the Regulation S Permanent Global Note, the Regulation S Temporary Global Note and/or the Restricted Definitive Note and in the Indenture and the Securities Act.

 

3.   o  Check and complete if Transferee will take delivery of a beneficial interest in the IAI Global Note or a Restricted Definitive Note pursuant to any provision of the Securities Act other than Rule 144A or Regulation S. The Transfer is being effected in compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to beneficial interests in Restricted Global Notes and Restricted Definitive Notes and pursuant to and in accordance with the

 







 

Securities Act and any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States, and accordingly the Transferor hereby further certifies that (check one):

 

(a)   o  such Transfer is being effected pursuant to and in accordance with Rule 144 under the Securities Act;

 

or

 

(b)   o  such Transfer is being effected to the Company or a Subsidiary thereof;

 

or

 

(c)   o  such Transfer is being effected pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and in compliance with the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act;

 

or

 

(d)   o  such Transfer is being effected to an Institutional Accredited Investor and pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act other than Rule 144A, Rule 144, Rule 903 or Rule 904, and the Transferor hereby further certifies that it has not engaged in any general solicitation within the meaning of Regulation D under the Securities Act and the Transfer complies with the transfer restrictions applicable to beneficial interests in a Restricted Global Note or Restricted Definitive Notes and the requirements of the exemption claimed, which certification is supported by (1) a certificate executed by the Transferee in the form of Exhibit D to the Indenture and (2) if such Transfer is in respect of a principal amount of Notes at the time of transfer of less than $250,000, an Opinion of Counsel provided by the Transferor or the Transferee (a copy of which the Transferor has attached to this certification), to the effect that such Transfer is in compliance with the Securities Act. Upon consummation of the proposed transfer in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the transferred beneficial interest or Definitive Note will be subject to the restrictions on transfer enumerated in the Private Placement Legend printed on the IAI Global Note and/or the Restricted Definitive Notes and in the Indenture and the Securities Act.

 

4.   o  Check if Transferee will take delivery of a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note or of an Unrestricted Definitive Note.

 

(a)   o  Check if Transfer is pursuant to Rule 144. (i) The Transfer is being effected pursuant to and in accordance with Rule 144 under the Securities Act and in compliance with the transfer restrictions contained in the Indenture and any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States and (ii) the restrictions on transfer contained in the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act. Upon consummation of the proposed Transfer in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the transferred beneficial interest or Definitive Note will no longer be subject to the restrictions on transfer enumerated in the Private Placement Legend printed on the Restricted Global Notes, on Restricted Definitive Notes and in the Indenture.

 

(b)   o  Check if Transfer is Pursuant to Regulation S. (i) The Transfer is being effected pursuant to and in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 under the Securities Act and in compliance with the transfer restrictions contained in the Indenture and any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States and (ii) the restrictions on transfer contained in the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act.  Upon consummation of the proposed Transfer in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the transferred beneficial interest or Definitive Note will no longer be subject to the restrictions on transfer enumerated in the Private Placement Legend printed on the Restricted Global Notes, on Restricted Definitive Notes and in the Indenture.

 

(c)   o  Check if Transfer is Pursuant to Other Exemption. (i) The Transfer is being effected pursuant to and in compliance with an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act other than Rule 144, Rule 903 or Rule 904 and in compliance with the transfer restrictions contained in the

 





 

Indenture and any applicable blue sky securities laws of any State of the United States and (ii) the restrictions on transfer contained in the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act.  Upon consummation of the proposed Transfer in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the transferred beneficial interest or Definitive Note will not be subject to the restrictions on transfer enumerated in the Private Placement Legend printed on the Restricted Global Notes or Restricted Definitive Notes and in the Indenture.

 

This certificate and the statements contained herein are made for your benefit and the benefit of the Company.

 

 

 

 

 

    Insert Name of Transferor

 

 

 

By:

 

 

 

Name:

 

 

Title:

 

 

Dated:

 

 

 











 







 

ANNEX A TO CERTIFICATE OF TRANSFER

 

1.   The Transferor owns and proposes to transfer the following:

 

CHECK ONE OF (a) OR (b)

 

(a)   o  a beneficial interest in the:

 

(i)             o  144A Global Note (CUSIP           ), or

 

(ii)          o  Regulation S Global Note (CUSIP           ), or

 

(iii)       o  IAI Global Note (CUSIP           ); or

 

(b)   o  a Restricted Definitive Note.

 

2. After the Transfer the Transferee will hold:

 

CHECK ONE

 

(a)   o  a beneficial interest in the:

 

(i)             o 144A Global Note (CUSIP           ), or

 

(ii)          o Regulation S Global Note (CUSIP           ), or

 

(iii)       o IAI Global Note (CUSIP           ); or

 

(iv)      o Unrestricted Global Note (CUSIP           ); or

 

(b)   o a Restricted Definitive Note; or

 

(c)   o an Unrestricted Definitive Note,

 

in accordance with the terms of the Indenture.

 







 

EXHIBIT C

 

FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF EXCHANGE

 

Company Address

 

Registrar Address

 

Re: % Senior Notes due 20

 

(CUSIP           )

 

Reference is hereby made to the Indenture, dated as of           , 20      (the “Indenture”), between Acorda Therapeutics, Inc., as issuer (the “Company”), and Wilmington Trust Company, as trustee.  Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Indenture.

 

, (the “Owner”) owns and proposes to exchange the Notes or interest in such Notes specified herein, in the principal amount of $               in such Notes or interests (the “Exchange”).  In connection with the Exchange, the Owner hereby certifies that:

 

1.   Exchange of Restricted Definitive Notes or Beneficial Interests in a Restricted Global Note for Unrestricted Definitive Notes or Beneficial Interests in an Unrestricted Global Note

 

(a)   o  Check if Exchange is from beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note to beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note.  In connection with the Exchange of the Owner’s beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note for a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note in an equal principal amount, the Owner hereby certifies (i) the beneficial interest is being acquired for the Owner’s own account without transfer, (ii) such Exchange has been effected in compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Restricted Global Notes and pursuant to and in accordance with the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), (iii) the restrictions on transfer contained in the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act and (iv) the beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note is being acquired in compliance with any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States.

 

(b)   o  Check if Exchange is from beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note to Unrestricted Definitive Note.  In connection with the Exchange of the Owner’s beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note for an Unrestricted Definitive Note, the Owner hereby certifies (i) the Definitive Note is being acquired for the Owner’s own account without transfer, (ii) such Exchange has been effected in compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Restricted Global Notes and pursuant to and in accordance with the Securities Act, (iii) the restrictions on transfer contained in the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act and (iv) the Definitive Note is being acquired in compliance with any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States.

 

(c)   o  Check if Exchange is from Restricted Definitive Note to beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note.  In connection with the Owner’s Exchange of a Restricted Definitive Note for a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note, the Owner hereby certifies (i) the beneficial interest is being acquired for the Owner’s own account without transfer, (ii) such Exchange has been effected in compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to Restricted Definitive Notes and pursuant to and in accordance with the Securities Act, (iii) the restrictions on transfer contained in the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act and

 

(d)   the beneficial interest is being acquired in compliance with any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States.

 







 

(e)   o  Check if Exchange is from Restricted Definitive Note to Unrestricted Definitive Note.  In connection with the Owner’s Exchange of a Restricted Definitive Note for an Unrestricted Definitive Note, the Owner hereby certifies (i) the Unrestricted Definitive Note is being acquired for the Owner’s own account without transfer, (ii) such Exchange has been effected in compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to Restricted Definitive Notes and pursuant to and in accordance with the Securities Act, (iii) the restrictions on transfer contained in the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act and (iv) the Unrestricted Definitive Note is being acquired in compliance with any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States.

 

2.   Exchange of Restricted Definitive Notes or Beneficial Interests in Restricted Global Notes for Restricted Definitive Notes or Beneficial Interests in Restricted Global Notes

 

(a)   o  Check if Exchange is from beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note to Restricted Definitive Note. In connection with the Exchange of the Owner’s beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note for a Restricted Definitive Note with an equal principal amount, the Owner hereby certifies that (i) the Restricted Definitive Note is being acquired for the Owner’s own account without transfer and (ii) such Exchange has been effected in compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Restricted Definitive Notes and pursuant to and in accordance with the Securities Act, and in compliance with any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States.  Upon consummation of the proposed Exchange in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the Restricted Definitive Note issued will continue to be subject to the restrictions on transfer enumerated in the Private Placement Legend printed on the Restricted Definitive Note and in the Indenture and the Securities Act.

 

(b)   o  Check if Exchange is from Restricted Definitive Note to beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note.  In connection with the Exchange of the Owner’s Restricted Definitive Note for a beneficial interest in the Restricted Global Note with an equal principal amount, the Owner hereby certifies (i) the beneficial interest is being acquired for the Owner’s own account without transfer and (ii) such Exchange has been effected in compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Restricted Definitive Notes and pursuant to and in accordance with the Securities Act, and in compliance with any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States.  Upon consummation of the proposed Exchange in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the beneficial interest issued will be subject to the restrictions on transfer enumerated in the Private Placement Legend printed on the relevant Restricted Global Note and in the Indenture and the Securities Act.

 

This certificate and the statements contained herein are made for your benefit and the benefit of the Company.

 

 

 

 

    Insert Name of Transferor

 

 

 

By:

 

 

 

Name:

 

 

Title:

 

 

Dated:

 

 

 











 





 

EXHIBIT D

 

FORM OF CERTIFICATE FROM

ACQUIRING INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTOR

 

Company Address

 

Registrar Address

 

Re:           % Senior Notes due 20

 

Reference is hereby made to the Indenture, dated as of                     , 20      (the “Indenture”), between Acorda Therapeutics, Inc., as issuer (the “Company”), and Wilmington Trust Company, as trustee.  Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Indenture.

 

In connection with our proposed purchase of $                aggregate principal amount of:

 

(a)  o  a beneficial interest in a Global Note, or

 

(b)  o  a Definitive Note,

 

we confirm that:

 

1.   We understand that any subsequent transfer of the Notes or any interest therein is subject to certain restrictions and conditions set forth in the Indenture and the undersigned agrees to be bound by, and not to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Notes or any interest therein except in compliance with, such restrictions and conditions and the Securities Act of 1933 as amended (the “Securities Act”).

 

2.   We understand that the offer and sale of the Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act, and that the Notes and any interest therein may not be offered or sold except as permitted in the following sentence.  We agree, on our own behalf and on behalf of any accounts for which we are acting as hereinafter stated, that if we should sell the Notes or any interest therein, we will do so only (A) to the Company or any subsidiary thereof, (B) in accordance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act to a “qualified institutional buyer” (as defined therein), (C) to an institutional “accredited investor” (as defined below) that, prior to such transfer, furnishes (or has furnished on its behalf by a U.S. broker-dealer) to you and to the Company a signed letter substantially in the form of this letter and, if such transfer is in respect of a principal amount of Notes, at the time of transfer of less than $250,000, an Opinion of Counsel in form reasonably acceptable to the Company to the effect that such transfer is in compliance with the Securities Act, (D) outside the United States in accordance with Rule 904 of Regulation S under the Securities Act, (E) pursuant to the provisions of Rule 144(b)(1) under the Securities Act or (F) pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, and we further agree to provide to any Person purchasing the Definitive Note or beneficial interest in a Global Note from us in a transaction meeting the requirements of clauses (A) through (E) of this paragraph a notice advising such purchaser that resales thereof are restricted as stated herein.

 

3.   We understand that, on any proposed resale of the Notes or beneficial interest therein, we will be required to furnish to you and the Company such certifications, legal opinions and other information as you and the Company may reasonably require to confirm that the proposed sale complies with the foregoing restrictions. We further understand that the Notes purchased by us will bear a legend to the foregoing effect.

 

4.   We are an institutional “accredited investor” (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) of Regulation D under the Securities Act) and have such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of our investment in the Notes, and we and any accounts for which we are acting are each able to bear the economic risk of our or its investment.

 







 

5.  We are acquiring the Notes or beneficial interest therein purchased by us for our own account or for one or more accounts (each of which is an institutional “accredited investor”) as to each of which we exercise sole investment discretion.

 

You and the Company are entitled to rely upon this letter and are irrevocably authorized to produce this letter or a copy hereof to any interested party in any administrative or legal proceedings or official inquiry with respect to the matters covered hereby.

 

 

 

 

 

      Name of Accredited Investor

 

 

 

By:

 

 

 

Name:

 

 

Title:

 

 

Dated: