Exhibit 10.6

Madison Square Garden, Inc. 2010 Stock Plan For Non-Employee Directors

     1. Purpose. The purposes of the Madison Square Garden, Inc. 2010 Stock Plan for Non-Employee Directors are to attract and retain individuals who are not employees of the Company as members of the Board of Directors, by encouraging them to acquire a proprietary interest in the Company which is parallel to that of the stockholders of the Company.

     2. Definitions. The following terms shall have the respective meanings assigned to them as used herein:

     (a) “Award” shall mean an Option, Restricted Stock Unit and other stock-based award granted under the Plan.

     (b) “Award Agreement” shall mean an agreement which may be entered into by a Participant and the Company, setting forth the terms and provisions applicable to Awards granted to such Participant.

     (c) “Board of Directors” shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company, as constituted at any time.

     (d) “Committee” shall mean the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors, as described in Section 3.

     (e) “Company” shall mean Madison Square Garden, Inc., a Delaware corporation.

     (f) “Consent” shall mean (i) any listing, registration or qualification requirement in respect of an Award or Share with respect to any securities exchange or under any federal, state or local law, rule or regulation, (ii) any and all written agreements and representations by the Participant with respect to the disposition of Shares, or with respect to any other matter, which the Committee may deem necessary or desirable to comply with the terms of any such listing, registration or qualification requirement or to obtain an exemption therefrom, (iii) any and all other consents, clearances and approvals in respect of an action under the Plan by any governmental or other regulatory body or any stock exchange or self-regulatory agency, (iv) any and all consents by the Participant to (A) the Company’s supplying to any third party recordkeeper of the Plan such personal information as the Committee deems advisable to administer the Plan and (B) the Company’s imposing sales and transfer procedures and restrictions on Shares delivered under the Plan and (v) any and all other consents or authorizations required to comply with, or required to be obtained under law.

     (g) “Fair Market Value” on a specified date shall mean the closing price for a Share on the stock exchange, if any, on which such Shares are primarily traded, but if no Shares were traded on such date, the average of the bid and asked closing prices at which one Share is traded on the over-the-counter market, as reported

 





 





on the National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotation System, or, if none of the above is applicable, the value of a Share as established by the Committee for such date using any reasonable method of valuation.

     (h) “GAAP” shall mean accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

     (i) “Non-Employee Director” shall mean a member of the Board of Directors who is not a current employee of the Company or its subsidiaries.

     (j) “Option” shall mean an option granted pursuant to Section 6.1 of the Plan.

     (k) “Participant” shall mean a Non-Employee Director who has been granted an Award under the Plan.

     (l) “Plan” shall mean the Madison Square Garden, Inc. 2010 Stock Plan for Non-Employee Directors, as amended from time to time.

     (m) “Restricted Stock Unit” shall mean a restricted stock unit granted pursuant to Section 6.2 of the Plan, each such unit representing an unfunded and unsecured promise to deliver a Share (or cash or other property equal in value to the Share).

     (n) “Share” shall mean a share of Madison Square Garden, Inc. Class A Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share.

     3. Plan Administration.

     3.1. Committee. The Plan shall be administered by the Committee, which shall consist of at least two members of the Board of Directors who shall be appointed by, and shall serve at the pleasure of, the Board of Directors. Except as otherwise determined by the Board of Directors, the members of the Committee shall be “non-employee directors” under Rule 16b-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”); provided, however, that the failure of the Committee to be so comprised shall not cause any Award to be invalid. The Committee may delegate any of its powers under the Plan to a subcommittee of the Committee (which hereinafter shall also be referred to as the Committee). It is expected and permitted that members of the Committee shall be Participants.

     3.2. Authority. The Committee shall have full authority, subject to the terms of the Plan (including Section 12), to (a) exercise all of the powers granted to it under the Plan, (b) construe, interpret and implement the Plan and all Awards and Award Agreements, (c) prescribe, amend and rescind rules and regulations relating to the Plan, including rules governing its own operations, (d) make all determinations necessary or advisable in administering the Plan, (e) correct any defect, supply any omission and

 





 





reconcile any inconsistency in the Plan, (f) amend the Plan, (g) grant Awards and determine who shall receive Awards and the terms and conditions of such Awards, (h) amend any outstanding Award in any respect, including, without limitation, to (1) accelerate the time or times at which the Award becomes vested or unrestricted or may be exercised or at which Shares are delivered under the Award (and, without limitation on the Committee’s rights, in connection with such acceleration, the Committee may provide that any Shares delivered pursuant to such Award shall be subject to vesting, transfer, forfeiture or repayment provisions similar to those in the Participant’s underlying Award) or (2) waive or amend any restrictions or conditions applicable to such Award, or impose new restrictions or conditions and (i) determine at any time whether, to what extent and under what circumstances and method or methods (1) Awards may be (A) settled in cash, Shares, other securities, other Awards or other property, (B) exercised or (C) canceled, forfeited or suspended or (2) Shares, other securities, cash, other Awards or other property and other amounts payable with respect to an Award may be deferred either automatically or at the election of the Participant or of the Committee. The enumeration of the foregoing powers is not intended and should not be construed to limit in any way the authority of the Committee under the Plan which is intended, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to be plenary. The Plan, and all such rules, regulations, determinations and interpretations, shall be binding and conclusive upon the Company, its stockholders and all Participants, and upon their respective legal representatives, heirs, beneficiaries, successors and assigns and upon all other persons claiming under or through any of them.

     3.3. Liability. No member of the Board of Directors or the Committee or any employee of the Company or any of its affiliates (each such person a “Covered Person”) shall have any liability to any person (including, without limitation, any Participant) for any action taken or omitted to be taken or any determination made in good faith with respect to the Plan or any Award. Each Covered Person shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Company against and from any loss, cost, liability or expense (including attorneys’ fees) that may be imposed upon or incurred by such Covered Person in connection with or resulting from any action, suit or proceeding to which such Covered Person may be a party or in which such Covered Person may be involved by reason of any action taken or omitted to be taken under the Plan and against and from any and all amounts paid by such Covered Person, with the Company’s approval, in settlement thereof, or paid by such Covered Person in satisfaction of any judgment in any such action, suit or proceeding against such Covered Person, provided that the Company shall have the right, at its own expense, to assume and defend any such action, suit or proceeding and, once the Company gives notice of its intent to assume the defense, the Company shall have sole control over such defense with counsel of the Company’s choice. The foregoing right of indemnification shall not be available to a Covered Person to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction in a final judgment or other final adjudication, in either case, not subject to further appeal, determines that the acts or omissions of such Covered Person giving rise to the indemnification claim resulted from such Covered Person’s bad faith, fraud or willful criminal act or omission. The foregoing right of indemnification shall not be exclusive of any other rights of indemnification to which Covered Persons may be entitled under the Company’s

 





 





Certificate of Incorporation or by-laws, as a matter of law, or otherwise, or any other power that the Company may have to indemnify such persons or hold them harmless.

     4. Eligibility. All Non-Employee Directors are eligible for the grant of Awards. Non-Employee Directors of Cablevision Systems Corporation (“Cablevision”) are also eligible for the grant of Shares in connection with the spin-off of the Company from Cablevision in respect of their outstanding awards issued by Cablevision.

     5. Shares Subject to the Plan.

     5.1. Number. The aggregate number of Shares that may be subject to Awards granted under this Plan shall not exceed 30,000, which may be either treasury Shares or authorized but unissued Shares. To the extent that (i) an Award shall be paid, settled or exchanged or shall expire, lapse, terminate or be cancelled for any reason without the issuance of Shares or (ii) any Shares under an Award are not issued because of payment or withholding obligations, then the Committee may also grant Awards with respect to such Shares. Awards payable only in cash or property other than Shares shall not reduce the aggregate remaining number of Shares with respect to which Awards may be made under the Plan and Shares relating to any other Awards that are settled in cash or property other than Shares, when settled, shall be added back to the aggregate remaining number of Shares with respect to which Awards may be made under the Plan. The maximum number of Shares that may be issued under the Plan shall be adjusted by the Committee as appropriate to account for the adjustments provided for in Section 5.2 hereof. Any Shares with respect to which the Company becomes obligated to make Awards through the assumption of, or in substitution for, outstanding awards previously granted by an acquired entity, shall not count against the Shares available to be delivered pursuant to Awards under this Plan.

     5.2. Adjustment in Capitalization. In the event that any dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, Shares, other securities, or other property), recapitalization, forward or reverse stock split, reorganization, merger, consolidation, spin-off, combination, repurchase, share exchange, liquidation, dissolution or other similar corporate transaction or event affects Shares such that the failure to make an adjustment to an Award would not fairly protect the rights represented by the Award in accordance with the essential intent and principles thereof (each such event, an “Adjustment Event”), then the Committee shall, in such manner as it may determine to be equitable in its sole discretion, adjust any or all of the terms of an outstanding Award (including, without limitation, the number of Shares covered by such outstanding Award, the type of property to which the Award is subject and the exercise price of such Award). In determining adjustments to be made under this Section 5.2, the Committee may take into account such factors as it determines to be appropriate, including without limitation (i) the provisions of applicable law and (ii) the potential tax or accounting consequences of an adjustment (or not making an adjustment) and, in light of such factors or others, may make adjustments that are not uniform or proportionate among outstanding Awards. Any fractional shares or securities payable upon the exercise of an Award as a result of an adjustment pursuant to this Section 5.2 shall, at the election of the Committee, be

 





 





payable in cash, Shares, or a combination thereof, on such bases as the Committee may determine in its sole discretion.

     6. Terms and Conditions of Awards.

     6.1. Options.

     6.1.1 Terms and Conditions. The form, terms and conditions of each Option shall be determined by the Committee and shall be set forth in an Award Agreement. Such terms and conditions may include, without limitation, provisions relating to the vesting and exercisability of such Options as well as the conditions or circumstances upon which such Options may be accelerated, extended, forfeited or otherwise modified; provided, however, that unless the Award Agreement states otherwise, all Options granted under the Plan shall be fully vested and exercisable on the date of grant. All or any part of any unexercised Options granted to any Participant, to the extent not otherwise exercisable, may be made exercisable upon the occurrence of such special circumstances or events as determined in the sole discretion of the Committee.

     6.1.2 Exercise Price. The exercise price per Share of the Shares to be purchased pursuant to each Option shall be fixed by the Committee at the time an Option is granted, but in no event shall it be less than the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date on which the Option is granted. Such exercise price shall thereafter be subject to adjustment as required by the Award Agreement relating to each Option or Section 5.2 hereof.

     6.1.3 Duration of Options. The duration of any Option granted under this Plan shall be for a period fixed by the Committee but shall, except as described in the next sentence, in no event be more than ten (10) years. Notwithstanding the foregoing, an Award Agreement may provide that, in the event the Participant dies while the Option is outstanding, the Option will remain outstanding until the first anniversary of the Participant’s date of death, and whether or not such first anniversary occurs prior to or following the expiration of ten (10) years from the date the Option was granted.

     6.1.4 Written Notice for Exercise. An Option shall be exercised by the delivery to any person who has been designated by the Company for the purpose of receiving the same, of a written notice duly signed by the Participant (or the representative of the estate or the heirs of a deceased Participant) to such effect (or electronic notice in a manner, if any, previously approved by the Company).

     6.1.5 Payment. Unless the Company chooses to settle an Option in cash, Shares or a combination thereof pursuant to Section 6.1.6 hereof, the Participant shall be required to deliver to the Company, within five (5) days of the delivery of the notice described above, either cash, a check payable to the order of the Company, Shares duly endorsed over to the Company (which Shares shall be valued at their Fair Market Value as of the date preceding the day of such exercise) or any combination of such

 





 





methods, which together amount to the full exercise price of the Shares purchased pursuant to the exercise of the Option. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, the Company and the Participant may agree upon any other reasonable manner of providing for payment of the exercise price of the Option. Except to the extent the Committee chooses to settle any Option in cash pursuant to Section 6.1.6 hereof, within a reasonable time after exercise of an Option the Company shall either issue to the Participant a certificate representing the Shares purchased pursuant to the exercise of the Option or credit the number of such Shares to a book-entry account. To the extent the Committee chooses to settle any Option in cash pursuant to Section 6.1.6, within a reasonable time after exercise of an Option, the Company shall cause to be delivered to the person entitled thereto a payment for the amount payable pursuant to the exercise of the Option.

     6.1.6 Settlement of an Option. When an Option is exercised pursuant to Section 6.1.4 hereof, the Committee, in its sole discretion, may elect, in lieu of issuing Shares pursuant to the terms of the Option, to settle the Option by paying the Participant an amount equal to the product obtained by multiplying (i) the excess of the Fair Market Value of one Share on the date the Option is exercised over the exercise price of the Option (the “Option Spread”) by (ii) the number of Shares with respect to which the Option is exercised. The amount payable to the Participant in these circumstances shall be paid by the Company either in cash or in Shares having a Fair Market Value equal to the Option Spread, or a combination thereof, as the Committee shall determine at the time the Option is exercised or at the time the Option is granted.

     6.2. Restricted Stock Units.

     6.2.1 Terms and Conditions. The form, terms and conditions of each Restricted Stock Unit shall be determined by the Committee and shall be set forth in an Award Agreement. Such terms and conditions may include, without limitation, the conditions or circumstances upon which such Restricted Stock Unit will be paid, forfeited or otherwise modified, and the date or dates upon which any Shares, cash or other property shall be delivered to the Participant in respect of the Restricted Stock Units; provided, however, that unless the Award Agreement states otherwise, all Restricted Stock Units granted under the Plan shall be fully vested on the date of grant and shall be payable on such date as determined by the Committee. All or any part of any Restricted Stock Units granted to any Participant, to the extent not otherwise paid, may be paid to the Participant upon the occurrence of such special circumstances or events as determined in the sole discretion of the Committee.

     6.2.2 Settlement of Restricted Stock Units. The Committee, in its sole discretion, may instruct the Company to pay on the date when Shares would otherwise be issued pursuant to a Restricted Stock Unit, in lieu of such Shares, a cash amount equal to the number of such Shares multiplied by the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date when Shares would otherwise have been issued. If a Participant is entitled to receive other stock, securities or other property as a result of adjustment, pursuant to Section 5.2 hereof, the Committee, in its sole discretion, may instruct the Company to pay, in lieu of

 





 





such other stock, securities or other property, cash equal to the fair market value thereof as determined in good faith by the Committee. Until the delivery of such Shares, cash, securities or other property, the rights of a Participant with respect to a Restricted Stock Unit shall be only those of a general unsecured creditor of the Company.

     6.2.3 Right to Receive Dividends on Restricted Stock Units. Unless the Committee determines otherwise, during the period prior to payment of the Restricted Stock Unit, all ordinary cash dividends (as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion) that would have been paid upon any Share underlying a Restricted Stock Unit had such Shares been issued shall be paid only at the time and to the extent such Restricted Stock Unit is vested.

     6.3. Grant of Other Stock-Based Awards. The Committee may grant other types of equity-based or equity-related Awards (including, without limitation, restricted Shares, unrestricted Shares and stock appreciation rights) in such amounts and subject to such terms and conditions as the Committee shall determine. Such Awards may entail the transfer of actual Shares, or payment in cash or otherwise of amounts based on the value of Shares.

     7. No Rights of a Stockholder. A Participant shall not have any of the rights or privileges of a stockholder of the Company with respect to the Shares subject to an Award unless and until such Shares have been issued and have been duly registered in the Participant’s name. Thereupon, such Participant shall have full voting, dividend and other ownership rights with respect to such Shares. The Company will not be obligated to issue or deliver any Shares unless and until all legal matters in connection with the issuance and delivery of Shares have been approved by the Company’s counsel and the Company’s counsel determines that all applicable federal, state and other laws and regulations have been complied with and all listing requirements for relevant stock exchanges have been met.

     8. Compliance with Rule 16b-3. It is the Company’s intent that the Plan comply in all respects with Rule 16b-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Act”). If any provision of the Plan is later found not to be in compliance with such Rule, the provision shall be deemed null and void. All actions with respect to Awards under the Plan shall be executed in accordance with the requirements of Section 16 of the Act, as amended, and any regulations promulgated thereunder. To the extent that any of the provisions contained herein do not conform with Rule 16b-3 of the Act or any amendments thereto or any successor regulation, then the Committee may make such modifications so as to conform the Plan and any Awards granted thereunder to the Rule’s requirements.

     9. Consents. If the Committee shall at any time determine that any Consent is necessary or desirable as a condition of, or in connection with, the granting of any Award, the delivery of Shares or the delivery of any cash, securities or other property under the Plan, or the taking of any other action, then such action shall not be taken, in

 





 





whole or in part, unless and until such Consent shall have been effected or obtained to the full satisfaction of the Committee.

     10. Withholding. If the Company shall be required to withhold any amounts by reason of a federal, state or local tax laws, rules or regulations in respect of any Award, the Company shall be entitled to deduct or withhold such amounts from any payments (including, without limitation Shares which would otherwise be issued to the Participant pursuant to the Award; provided that, to the extent desired for GAAP purposes, such withholding shall not exceed the statutory minimum amount required to be withheld) to be made to the Participant. In any event, the Participant shall make available to the Company, promptly when requested by the Company, sufficient funds or Shares to meet the requirements of such withholding and the Company shall be entitled to take and authorize such steps as it may deem advisable in order to have such funds made available to the Company out of any funds or property due to the Participant.

     11. Non-Transferability of Awards. Unless the Committee shall permit (on such terms and conditions as it shall establish) an Award to be transferred to a member of the Participant’s immediate family or to a trust or similar vehicle for the benefit of members of the Participant’s immediate family (collectively, the “Permitted Transferees”), no Award shall be assignable or transferable except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, and except to the extent required by law, no right or interest of any Participant shall be subject to any lien, obligation or liability of the Participant. All rights with respect to Awards granted to a Participant under the Plan shall be exercisable during the Participant’s lifetime only by such Participant or, if applicable, the Permitted Transferees.

     12. Administration and Amendment of Plan. The Board of Directors or the Committee may discontinue the Plan at any time and from time to time may amend or revise the terms of the Plan or any Award Agreement, as permitted by applicable law, except that it may not (a) make any amendment or revision in a manner unfavorable to a Participant (other than if immaterial), without the consent of the Participant or (b) make any amendment or revision without the approval of the stockholders of the Company if such approval is required by the rules of an exchange on which Shares are traded. Consent of the Participant shall not be required solely pursuant to the previous sentence in respect of any adjustment made pursuant to Section 5.2 except to the extent the terms of an Award Agreement expressly refer to an Adjustment Event, in which case such terms shall not be amended in a manner unfavorable to a Participant (other than if immaterial) without such Participant’s consent.

     13. Effective Date. The Plan shall become effective upon approval by the stockholders of the Company.

     14. Severability. If any of the provisions of this Plan or any Award Agreement is finally held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable (whether in whole or in part), such provision shall be deemed modified to the extent, but only to the extent, of

 





 





such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability and the remaining provisions shall not be affected thereby; provided that, if any of such provisions is finally held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable because it exceeds the maximum scope determined to be acceptable to permit such provision to be enforceable, such provision shall be deemed to be modified to the minimum extent necessary to modify such scope in order to make such provision enforceable hereunder.

     15. Plan Headings. The headings in this Plan are for the purpose of convenience only and are not intended to define or limit the construction of the provisions hereof.

     16. Non-Uniform Treatment. The Committee’s determinations under the Plan need not be uniform and may be made by it selectively among Participants (whether or not such Participants are similarly situated). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Committee shall be entitled, among other things, to make non-uniform and selective determinations, amendments and adjustments, and to enter into non-uniform and selective Award Agreements, as to the terms and provisions of Awards under the Plan.

     17. Governing Law. The Plan and any Award Agreements shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the state of Delaware, without reference to principles of conflicts of laws.

     18. Successors and Assigns. The terms of the Plan shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company and its successors and assigns.

     19. Duration. This Plan shall remain in effect until [•] [ten years from the Distribution] unless sooner terminated by the Committee or the Board of Directors. Awards theretofore granted may extend beyond that date in accordance with the provisions of the Plan.

     20. Distribution Issuance.

     20.1. Notwithstanding Section 3 of the Plan, the Compensation Committee (the “Cablevision Committee”) of the Board of Directors of Cablevision Systems Corporation (“Cablevision”) may grant Awards with respect to outstanding equity awards of Cablevision in connection with the distribution by Cablevision to holders of its common stock of all of the outstanding Shares (such distribution, the “Distribution”). In this capacity, the Cablevision Committee shall have full authority to grant Awards in connection with the Distribution and determine the recipients, terms and conditions of such Awards, and each member of the Cablevision Committee shall be considered a “Covered Person” for purposes of Section 3.3 of the Plan.

     20.2. Notwithstanding Section 6.1.2 of the Plan, the exercise price per Share of the Shares to be purchased pursuant to each Option granted by the Cablevision Committee in connection with the Distribution may be lesser than the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date on which the Option is granted, in order to preserve the intrinsic value of the outstanding Cablevision equity awards prior to the Distribution.